You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as an farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanys.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that fell somewhere in place.
You just have to turn back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolak.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Steven, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they beat every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go out of town.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fight AIDS fighting against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night, I got a phone call of that teacher, the lady Ponder who said, "I need to see you.
I'm destroyed that we are never going to meet us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join me by favorite."
Well, the next day we were in Clinton.
We went to see, we got back, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we put it, and we cared about it and we got rid of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me, he became a center box, and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I told you was made in its own.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was talked about this.
It also needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first pandemics.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was marked, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The panels around me are supporting the water almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't even think that it was a consent of snow over another snow of snow year after year.
The panels are born when they wake up from the glaciers or they break the ice shelves, they break out.
Every single iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to go back and fall down to the end, whereas others can't support it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, by seeing a iceberg -- that are isolated to separate and alone, as much as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these phones as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they get deeper -- it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the pig of the panels that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in Kepler, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to actually get a robot round.
Here they are.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved up to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a group of Greenland -- average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of us making a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of the connection, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
Both of them are both going to think about life.
We're going to talk about them later.
I tend to bring two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the story of the anatomy.
I'm a story for training, and what I study in this case is the way people inhabit the anatomy -- meaning human and animal bodies -- how they consider body fluid, the idea of the body, what they thought about the body.
The other role that you want in my work is activist, as a dance defense or as I say sometimes, an impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with symmetrical twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with analysis, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with an attitude sex, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male framework and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it intermolically.
And interesting adopted many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that is not involved in male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray company whose gene SR gene -- and it tells the proteins, that we all have in the fetal life, which become testing.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors -- the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the self-summer syndrome to the ones.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it was born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the missing period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after doing it tests you realize that instead of having oversees and theory, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not like this.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supermarket glands glandering.
They're in the back of the body.
Supernova glands produce anti-construction, the mosquito hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- he doesn't know their criminal structure, I think to be a typical woman most of the women like me are sensitive to the angers.
We produce anthropologists and respond to the ones.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the ancestors that the woman who was born with testicles that have the sensitivity syndrome to the anthropologists.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intelligences are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they were going to go, had book, and sexual relationships with her, I was carrying a life as a boy and just discovered that I had oversees and theory.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as contradicted underground hypothetic.
I had the 20th chromosomes and the surface glands were so active that essentially they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genes were mathematically, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone components.
I was born with a little bit of a child, nobody suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by the internal message, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was women in the inside.
Well, another example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 20 chromosomes develop what is known as agnostics, which is to say, they have open tissue wrapped in seating tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies are a single single single seat, signal twins, or international -- they are supporting normal surgeries not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get to several surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is having female identity, supposedly to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with cardiologist.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children that are born like two people within one body.
The latest recent case is last year with the South African corridor with the Santa Semen Survey, and he put his sex on the Berlin International games.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Santa Smith is a man or women?
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist so much.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit nature doesn't draw a long line between men and women or between men and international men and women and women and internationally, we are who we put that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more the science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- which we thought were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get on a dry terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to think about about the fact that they are in just a few nuclears?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the circles of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights to the photos of the photos.
There are very heated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine, it is about when somebody is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of people put a pen in front of the nose, and if it was still not the whole thing.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them into another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could make somebody like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, depending on people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it makes me nervous.
To make these categories are much more unstable.
It tense from the point of view of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I am a shock of the Forest parents.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexualism, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and auditorium and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that music called "Charliencan and not by music, which is totally healthy.
That's why it happened in 1772 with the Foundation parents.
The founding parents were for me, the first activist activists and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our founding parents rejected was the idea of the monarchy. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the blood right transmitted from grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They released the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a broken system where two things were being built.
He was getting rid of democracy and he was born the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the Foundation, that many were really interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were spreading from the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a idea of a vague of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence -- talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were tracking the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened?
And women succeeded.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Somalia Tree, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color that went out to the anatomic coincidence.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the connections, we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions of them.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we had to give us the anatomy.
I don't want to say that five year-old children had to be allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me makes sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two consequences at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them connected to the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary was born three months before time, June 1, 1980.
Henry on the contrary, I was born in terms of a term in March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that Mary was born three months before Mary is attributed all the right three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other reasons in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's XIA, in virtue of being considered a man now is passionate of the mandatory environment that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on its hand, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So there are still academic categories that in several ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a treaty-based democracy could demonstrate?
I don't want to quit science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science is scared.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to trace the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man don't have to have a chromosome -- and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosome.
Now, in practice they don't make chromosome examples to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the ones.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to drop a solution.
It says that we should judge people with us not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do people judge people based on their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to make sure to people, because I have to admit that I know of some people who are probably deserve social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the tools that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people of 40 I know.
So how do we put the subject of the character content of character?
It turns out very hard.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance in it.
Do we really want to get at that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to guide this current thinking to relationship to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live for example, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get a sex change in which case he can live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a light twin light so that you can separate them and give your fame to it.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation -- it was a very risky operation, I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very malaria, and so I had to do it.
What I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum. Instead of surgical separation.
America offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish I want to say I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given greater participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in are differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the collapsed studies is that women, in average, not all -- but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to take care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
So years ago, when I was in graduate school, one of my advice that I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was feeling feminist -- like now, it made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminism has of female."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with driving gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the physics.
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it seems to me that there is something female in feminism as well.
I mean, that there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very happy to find the way people protect people by the state of the state, it's possible that, to have more more mothers more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the support support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy, think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect universe, let's think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, they have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver the world to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment are already properties and that the other half will still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making a search in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you'll face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the monstritics and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those ambitions.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the building rather than putting them together.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities, and I gave them a name, cities.
I later found out that more or less learned at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 honors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongoans went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lobili is absolutely imposed with a platform in which promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked Okay to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDx.
Through a process of personalized, trial and error and a lot of test with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current restaurants of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as a norms to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent him to October a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's put this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the values of the land in a place like New York City, right now, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where it starts with deposited terrain land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or live under those norms.
So the president of Honovals called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Texas and I would talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennet.
This airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the sentences that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that was measured by the least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody completely applaud controlled.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Jorman, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this here in my computer."
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you could get to be in Hongians, rather than hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also would include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the status so that they could all rely on the status effectively completely completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to show up their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional launch was 124 to one.
All the parts, all the factors in society, restored it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
The 17 percent of February stood over again in another vote, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the vote, 21 to 24 of February, a delight of about 30 health sentences went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big city center that's built in South Korea, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was been built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in cities building is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practically this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and it would also allow us to operate under a foreign legal system.
A country has already committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the last installation for this new criminal system.
There are urban and building buildings that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people saying they would like to immediately change another place.
There are a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to get a job, sometimes are single mothers that have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even kids trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honors."
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting so that families can choose among various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say, "Thank you."
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public conference, and I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, sell, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog suit, colorful and different for each time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pulse markets and seconds of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my collapse in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know the interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My way is unique -- and buy it becomes my personal test search for me.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my store?
Would I like the color look?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I was packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Roll inside for exactly a week is all I've put on my value.
I thought I would be able to find everything else I want to use after I arrived here to Palm Springs.
And since you don't know me like the woman walking through TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call it bright tiger televisions.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost always see you phenomenal.
The whole thing, including the jacket -- I was 25, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Lines: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, not just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft?
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disasters, or I remind them in their seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you."
SP: The trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably also is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside -- you don't look at you you can't afford.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Seventheles: One universal truth six words for you: Leaf leaders go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, to develop a personal and unique form is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approached this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave a certain things.
I don't need to be emotionally admitted to these things, because at the bottom of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant struggling -- if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logic.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would operate by one of these extremes but I think for most of the integration of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be playful and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental physical physicists -- we need pretty logical to focus these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
One intuition that may have developed over the course of the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, he always fell out.
But I bet playing with that parking bar is taught by a valuable lesson -- and that is that big things don't allow them to transport them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they called it the theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point the physics was found a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, never nobody saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why it was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the piece of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend a little bit of a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal crazy.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with transportation and supporting supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this stranger with a piece of swimming plastic that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supply, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people go up I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of the journey of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shame it and the wind that happens on the side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push every other password.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a assignment and we extracted the entire air, and then we cooled it to a temperature at less than a degree for the absolute zero.
Now, when it's only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it becomes very strange forms.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way it was vibrating was like a breath like this -- as a floor that expands and contract.
And by giving it a smooth purpose, we could make it vibrate and it doesn't live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and doesn't rape at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In one case, all of the tricks of atoms that make that piece of metal are sticky and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in insight when those are linked up.
In the rest of time they're displaced.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth getting up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that talks about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was dealing with space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuitions, apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just done in a small space.
You hear a lot about how quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not that true.
It's more than that, it's deeper than that.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and that allowed me to bring it to it.
It took me 18 months and it took me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure it, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I heard of a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museum, I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than I show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've been doing from their launch.
So, simply we go to Golden.
Look around all the museums that we have.
There's the U.S. gallery -- MoMA, the American, the Richards, the Google Van Van Van Van Good.
I actually go into one of my favorites, to Metropolitansland, the New York Museum Museum in New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and film, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bomb or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We open up the flat top, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the boat.
Go ahead. You get fun."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Corporations of Peter Brazil at Metropolitance.
I see the sign ...
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all the metal information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call gagogian technology.
So this picture, for example, contains about 10 million penguins.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pencils?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pencils.
It can make robots around in a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to determine.
So I began to play, and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I entered and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I came up with a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called unimaginable, which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Marshall Sea.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to go even deeper in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you really see what you have.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going quickly to jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite "note start."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pinks?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this shame work?
It really increases it and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Star night Star: I think I had never seen it that way.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "College."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a management, that's the same.
You can online create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "bomb," and we just made a zoo around it.
It's about "The Laboratory National Gallery in London.
You can deliver things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you can control these masterpieces of teachers.
So in conclusion, I think to me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope in this digital means to do justice to his artwork of art and it's represented properly online.
And the big question you do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum?
And the answer is no.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a population, a flying skin.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin -- all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their dorm wall, but the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting in formula careers one in the last two decades.
It already does a long time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, you would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called a real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an activist.
Today what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronic corners.
They're becoming computers to the free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and active.
Conditions is a big thing.
As I notice, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these sensing and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Anne at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Tomorrow You Take Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms become sensors and activities.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream.
You know, when Michelangelo scanned the Moses, he says that he finally took the hammer, and he threw it out to the Moses --  -- you can still see a little molecule underneath -- and he said screaming, "Port no park? Why don't you talk about?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and achieving something.
Let's start with depression.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer of luck in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Wi-Fi end.
And anyway, at the end of the Eastern.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Town River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
At the early evening there are people over here, and there they call makers, move.
It starts the party: silence.
Gold of France from Italy.
Entrepreneurship, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regular time.
First extra time, second.
Zimi, and at a moment, the head.
Garbene Italy, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate it.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusett, where, from the Roman time, people are going to celebrate. It's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of determination: it's not about people, but of things that we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they stand up.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in its relaxion by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all throw out.
Then we put a little chip on them, a tag at the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results you get.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of implications in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
There are complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we shine doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we shine one day is still there.
What if we showed that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assanga Bionico, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarara.
It started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and south of Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- it was, imagine that they have a chaos and values, volunteers of solar -- lions that open and shut off.
It's created as a water curtain.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we could happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked it a lot.
And it was a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Experience.
We call it Diplomatic Water Pacific.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you approach it to you so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salarits, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said, "Give you the building."
No, it's not that you have demolished it, but when you go down almost all the architecture is gone.
Here it is at work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to get not to me by testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zararian came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go by, but a building that kept making posters and water holes, and you had to jump out not to get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact -- people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that's moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the penguins.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all that could be a cloud of 3D pixels that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you turn the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the New York City star in New York City to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for the Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pieces, the captured in different resolution.
It's both 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild the whole movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- like a cloud of cloud -- like the great grandmother, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody donated a little bit for a skin.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and Obama campaign showed us -- we can go from the digital world, the self-organizing power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow may be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how do we go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are penguins.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered with pencils.
You can move in inside, having different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics. And even more, and it can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can rise, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital party at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who's going to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience member: Creativity." creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Some of them probably had to have the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you would choose the memory?
A few more.
How about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of it makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of these things the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent issue here at TED conference, but today I want to give you a glimpse of a doctor on the subject.
The great goal of the 20th century, TED, Phallet, who also ended up at the Russian Orthina Church, wrote a titled essay "not in biology makes a sense of evolutionary light?
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: Is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in one end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We made a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in between.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individual, that it comes out of the pancreas of it.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry on the most bacteria that cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Haman is posed by the autonomy -- think of bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm -- dark, bottom, it's very scheduled.
And we're going to provide you all the nutrients that you can want without effort of your parts.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future leave us?
Are we in kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you willing to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief component, the animal kingdom, as a single and unique companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope that they have enjoyed it.
When I just entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and the beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of day.
But when the multicellular organisms come along, things start to change.
You enter the sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death death comes into evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction.
I have to trust you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death for sex -- it seemed quite reasonable at that time, but with every year I spent more and more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burnhams, who still acted in Las Vegas right now in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In the front of it, you find a magnificent sheet of clothes.
He looks at it and he says, "Come on a sex soup.
"It's right." He says George -- I chose the soft."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradiction, only different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary standpoint, you and I are like designer rockets designed to send the genetic burden to the next orbit level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we would all understand the world you express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the terminal bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoke that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked into the vacuum, yet they've managed to do that a foster environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in the first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been downloaded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've driven our environment so that it adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated off, and we close so much that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that there's an evolution of the traditional type, nature, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are reaching down, but they're inexpensive.
And in the slide of the self-assembly, when we as a species we connect distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, attractive possibility and interesting and frightening.
The so-called neuroscientist, the new evolution, which is not simply natural, but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what you choose at the individual and family level.
Think also that if it could be possible to be able to choose not just the sex of its offspring, but in its own body to make genetic adjust to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the color?
Would you want to do those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of changes will become increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it took 13 years.
Two billion dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a nearby cost to the 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to fail so much to make the human genome reality by 1,000 and be more and more at the rise of all.
You get those changes.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
So imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your body, but what if you could change the cells of your disaster?
What if you could change the sperm and the villages, or change the single factory -- and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the democracy, reducing the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same model of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt space spaces, a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennis especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be instrumental.
And when we're in conditions of having this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have made evolution of before in the report.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it would happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them to them.
Are we going to use these options in the course of a better society, more successful society, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vertical?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all of us, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and to inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions supposed?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by making clay, click, class.
Clay, class, click, class. It sounds scary.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the eight.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably beat some birds.
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot line up with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
They hit the engine.
Imagine being in a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most devastating words I've ever heard.
He said, "Present to the impact.
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't do it, all the fence I wanted to repair all of the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
As I thought about that further, I came up with a sentence, which is, "College wine bad."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, really has changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid George Washington Bridge -- which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I thought about it, I really feel a great heavy.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity also give place to my ego.
And I regret the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as I measured in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
They feel wonderful.
I'm not trying to be right. I chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, "15, 14, 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, Wow, die doesn't fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness was sent in a single thought, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still.  And I scream, I cried.
And for me, that was all the reason for being the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
On the entire goal that I have in life is to be a good father.
I was held a miracle of not dying that day.
And he became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and back and live differently.
You guys are flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens in their plane -- and please not like this -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What they would do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever forever, right?
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that they can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TMCK.
TMCAs was one of the most important farmers in the '80s.
One day he came to his house after he ran and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TMCAder has a total paralysis.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, the graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony to Tony and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second is not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking, isn't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those applications?
And he said, "No, unless you are a big person and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then?
Does anyone see the movie "The Scott and the Marine?
They communicate in that way, they go through the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I presented to the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed up a check that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I committed to his brother and her father there at that precise moment, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to talk about -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner can't make it communicate."
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys named Green Resonation Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then, with a laser pulse, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
First you start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in its slides.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and very much to move things from one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it "Hole because talking to the guy, you get an email from him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and consumers and analysis took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid and that when we come back to have removed the walls of the walls and instead there would be gradeni.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the sample of Venice, my son was a part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called Wired Scottish, and you can see the description of it.
These are a couple of cheap superstars that we bought in the sea floor of Venice, some of the copper wire and Thomas Deport and Radio Shanghai.
We took a PDF camera, we open it, we run it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself. We published the free code -- software is low in free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
At the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's your room.
There was all this biologist and attack during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the status of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in the parking season.
The funny thing was that we had to push into the parking lot, so we felt as if we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue me and would take me out of there so I could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won many prizes.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweets something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the top 50 inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what it ends to close the circle -- is that in April of this year at the McDonald's Center at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "Art in the Streets."
And art in the streets is going to have the best experiments of urban art, Samarita Fallock, Calls, all are going to be there.
TMCAs is going to be in the show which is pretty awesome.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scratch -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with the technology of the microscope -- I just recognized something, and I teamed up with wonderful people so that I can make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find something that we have to do -- if it's not now, when, and if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations, and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to jail. hard.
I worked on a coal mine. dangerous.
Film in areas of war, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been diving into situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are going to be attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that look entertained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pattern I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple weeks ago I took an airplane on Earth.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights from my TED TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been the following: "The State NASA presents, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and the content could explode it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it.
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress.
So even with that savings knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I could not have been able to give them certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we examined the world of marketing of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Space: I want to make a film that deals with the location of products, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with position of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call the largest film ever sales."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold -- is that everything from top at the bottom, from beginning to end, it has branding, all the time, from the assignment that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Qualime State, the State Center.
These people will be associated by the film to performance.
And so the film explores all this idea -- "Charles Kate: It's reduced. Is that what? MK: Is it reduced. A personality, forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever forever
I'm a reduced pine. MK: I just say that. It was more for operators.
It was "The Perfect. forever."
But we're not just going to have the path of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure that we can add all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and become the most cool shoe that you've used use.
The most cool car that you've ever driven in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best suit you have been drinking -- the biggest film you ever salvanted."
Bachled Koran: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, make them fund the film -- MS: Make it finance the filmmaker." MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the full film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of principle to end.
And I would love that CERN helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Guy: However, I don't know how recent the people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective. I don't know if "the "number one is very negative, but you know how it's going to replace? MS: No idea. David Cohen: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million. (CA: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie is coming out of us as a lot of joyful idiot.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Ruchall: Most answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both things.
MS: ... it means you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yes. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. MS: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought it turned out the camera meant we have a conversation out of microbes.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one by one, all of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario is not the idea to count with that new worthy vehicle that is going to lead the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a characteristic mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, no such error.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for the images of transparency in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that come up.
I like your rolling way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: the transparency -- free of simulation or deception, easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or accessibility of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it's trying to make it really something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency da fear --  -- like that weird bear that still resources.
It's unpredictable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Let eat an entire cup of Cool Washington.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but tell you our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me, and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirellin from many years -- I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out the middle and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to convince companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, enormous, giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies -- giant holes, say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies.
And the film is called "The largest movie ever sales."
How are we going to look specifically at Bang in the movie.
Every time I'm to get out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Bang demonstration.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you okay fresh for this interview for you?
Are you ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there was one of these fabulous arms.
Both Furny Fluid as "Paris of Paradex are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have both for man as a woman, solid, blog, baseball, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a hopeful view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
And similar to the kind of smaller movies that you were like, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remember it B to people is the reason why this is interesting.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bang?
bread is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the air.
Man: We talk about something hot, fragile.
I think the fragile is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the supermarket."
It keeps you fresh.
How do you stay fresh more time? With better sailing, more satellite, three times more fragile.
Things like those people who are resistantly.
MS: And that's a multi-dimensional company.
What about me? What about a common guy there?
I need to talk to the man of the street, the people like me, to the common Peaces.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: revive the '80s, pattern people unless it was dancing.
MS: Okay, what's the Gerren brand like?
BG: Something unique. (Music: One man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like dark colors, many gray and things like that.
Usually I get access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic classic Mercure, Merckay Benesis.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it careful flight."
Woman 2: In part of a chip, in part of God Brooklyn -- I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of sharks.
See toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: March heat failure.
Is that anything?
Learner: I am a lawyer.
Man: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour and "loud glass.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could enter my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "brain personality."
And I found a company called Zeal Zallan in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nest, February, Hallahayan discovering that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Airport," brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are origami, and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in the West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is this was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "Why? What does that look like?
What is the marriage? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to recover? What does the red reduct?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have you had has had?
You don't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Allende." (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience. MS: Great job. AB: Yes. (Music: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zallan: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but completely completely, in your brand personality -- the Margaret Spring is a conscious brand.
They get very well replaced together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get married and you make it become positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands do you know?
The first here is classic application.
And you can see also here to Taraha, Win, Minister of Minister Cooper and Jeane.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come but a scary brand is quite powerful.
MS: A scary brand -- what's your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a care attack? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a discovered attribute?
A little bit more calculated, reserved, conservative?
And the care attributes are like being playful to be fractal like the Prince, contemporary and advantage, attracted or bold like Eric Florida, fast or agile or a profit, dominant, magical or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than discovered discovered?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you start, tradition, providers, protection: you identify with Opera?
Are you confident, stable, family, confident, safe, sacred or salary, like the Dalai Lama or Norden?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and advantages and descendants who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neurophysiological, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing and film.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising the free air.
All over the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, no cartoons, no volcanoes, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are making way in schools with license problems in America.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I have had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful is those where I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands.
They took out the internal, they took their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you been going out? Did you succeed.
Well, since the film is started at the Super Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burroughs the film are started in January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online yet. It's not in a star.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talked about would advise their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk at risk you're preparing all your company to make a reward.
I feel that what has to happen to advance is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we need to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open the fear. We open the risk.
From a listening at a time, we need to hug the risk.
And ultimately, we need to harbor transparency.
Today more than ever a little honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk, "We "Are "Around "Around Trade It's been introduced by my good friends from ECLen's who by 712, bought the rights of the name on Earth.
EM: It makes big data in great opportunities for companies around the world.
E=mcos presents "The Transportation."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 712?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a clip at the name of the TED organization, the Saturn Foundation, a check for 712 to be applied to my TED assistant for the next year.
The idea behind the State computer self-assembly is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University of Uranual in Nathan.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we manage to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with the central.
Graphic boxes are not using Windows software -- they are a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put a Windows effective virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to manage this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Studening.
We started with a Windows installation.
The eye goes into the gray box -- the discovery, and the nuclear program Iranian is demonstrated, mission.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching on Studening six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part -- the instrument used multiple day vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Studenteen, and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Stuky was behaving like a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese, and he waves, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense to me.
And after experiencing with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely discovered."
The instrument is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stevitz does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, an American power plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
So we extracted and described the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional for people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points for which to attack.
You probably even know how far the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Studenteen installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking for was called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures and trying to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need theories about distributions that we could approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent supply, it must be a valuable white, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the Christmas engineering plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I'm going to get a list of all the experts in contracts and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I told them in an effort for taking their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital open with the control of the rock.
The rock is that mobile part inside the center, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rock, you can certainly break it up and even make it explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an effort of effort to go back nuts to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital origin very close to the data and their structures.
So for example, the number 164 survives in that code, cannot be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these central centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains 160 centralities.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These constraints in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So you don't have marriage: it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We used to end up in street streets, and we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital orbits were pointing to a single and same goal, but from different angles.
The small old open is taking a waterfall and making the rocks and radiation, and the big light communicates with six waterfall and manipulating values.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destruction is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Nathan.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are reached by Stephen.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and there is the centers on the top.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors from the sensors, for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during attack, with false input data.
And I believe it or not, these fake entry data are written by Stephen.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera feeds video self-assembly.
Is it great electron?
The idea here is obviously not just pushing the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to find a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is going out of speed, you should open escape valves in a military.
This can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're compromised, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And not the workers or the security system will notice it.
That scares out.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with contracts, with uranium engineering.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a statement -- that will design this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stephen.
You could also use conventional worms technology to design it.
Make it more possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We should face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in many sides that people assume that the Moshua is the main entities behind this.
What is your opinion.
Ralph London: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yes. Okay.
My opinion is that the Moshua is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one single one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you for amazing. Thank you, Rala.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give undergraduate skills or another one that makes you users of wheelchair and go back and forth.
In Berkeley, Bionios, we call these robots, streams.
They're not different from something you put in the morning, it gives you a great force that also increases your speed, and you help it, for example, to manage the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign interests.
This is not an irrational idea.
So to show you now what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, in average, has to take over its back, a 45 pounds, and it's getting even more expanding to it.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- lesions on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to build this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you the Hollywood -- or Port Hawaii University.
Soldier: With the CEO of the CEO, I can put 90 pounds on variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, allows you to put in corals and run up movements with great activity.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then it increases my strength and my resistance.
Elliott Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the users of wheelchair users, which I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around the world, all over the world.
One percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the verbal column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that I aging that is very quickly.
His only option, a lot of times -- for a brain injury, or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair chair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM who is using Amanda Bolak who was using 19 years ago in the vertical column, and as a result couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bollywood: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ESPAISS, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Not invisible in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here on the back.
So here are a few batteries that give the motors energy to the coaches, and in the knees, and they make it move through this soft and very natural swimming.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down a low dealer.
In a second fraction of second, I lost everything and all movement of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptation technology since then, and I've allowed me to learn how to drive down on streams, climbing rocks and even riding in a bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair to all of us.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say, helium, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the Fed Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known by their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasize in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimps are dominated by big guys, terrifying societies, the Bonobo society is in charge of female people.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where mortal violence hasn't yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox, a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty -- but also the heart of the tunadoya itself, a violent conflict that has been moved for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War II.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by making the trees.
Who are these prime?
We know them as the apes make love, not war, because they have frequent sex and domain and bisexual sex to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of humanity problems because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Saman Sus.
But the bonuses, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
And for us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance to feed.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with generation of diversity, diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of the wild medium.
First, it's a banana game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a personality.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "The "Post-consumer has a standard of the balls.
Just I think in this case he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like testimonials, and also how game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more climbed, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is redefined.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukush, a young female who is playing with water climbed.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the actual mere of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a wider and harder world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our support of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we take a look at the maximum of our game ability.
The game is not fan.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and destined.
When it looks at the least appropriate play, it can be the moments that are the most urgent thing.
And so what we do is we get primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hoose.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fire as a captain of captain in a volunteer bomb body.
And in our city, where volunteers are moving to a highly skilled personal person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a race to foot.
When I found Captain -- I was interested in a conversation with the property that I certainly would never go through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing out on the rain, under a paradigm, in paradigm, and while her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- let's call it Lego Luther --  came first to the captain and this asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog -- I was so high."
There was a lawyer or a money gesture who, for the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I entered a building in calls to save a living job just because I was won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me a sea.
He said, "Beautiful, I need you to go into the house.
I need it to go through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that height more or less had finished off the fire and walked into the main room for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the ladder where I met my Tusual and beautiful dog on the main door.
We took out of the house for the owner of the house where, as it was to expect, his testimony received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the home of home being used by the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had ever reached a pair of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hoose as in my voice as a volunteer fire I am witness of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also of the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or are for achieving remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining computer, clean a neighborhood park.
They're mentally.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they go into the game. They save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beas: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things than us, as buildings or bridges -- a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LEDs came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly lamp.
And in a few years, LED bricks.
It's estimated that more than 400 billion or 75 ladies per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LEDBC made it accessible.
LEG simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick ladies on each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Littles.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Little literatures are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through images.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the correct, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the blood.
So you only have to assemble a blue with one green and very quickly, you can start making older circuits.
A blue one with one green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module that's here, and now we have an interactive light.
We added this time to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, Littles are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sugar, Littles allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower down, you just turn this button out that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Littles is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to ladies ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motor panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given Littles to children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light of night, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Littles to design schools.
So for example, the designers with no experience in electronics start playing with Littles like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fossil, we have George creating it.
(Skateboard sounds)  A few weeks ago we took Littles to the designers of Rhode Island School, who has no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that has made a conference candy by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a logo made of plastic that is afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Littles became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So Little Little literature is open source.
You can visit the web page, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world is ours.
So go ahead and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company sought to engage with the environment focusing on focusing on it.
The collaboration.
This is a little clip of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can go -- we can even better leave the video on a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I am terrified the time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques for a year to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to detect, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Computer for America, and they would be like a Perubia Peace for technology.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities, and we put them.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of the technology today.
You know E.
This is a hypertension of the city of Boston.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what I really find is that someone clean it when it gets caught by the snow because it knows it's not very good at catching fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it make aid in this simple way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of "Computer for America."
They were there in February, and at that moment I was a long time last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hypersonic.
But one of the members named Erik Microsoft noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So he made a good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept clean it when you snow.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, someone can robot.
I mean, it has a players' component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other global government technology.
And it extends in viral form.
A system of systems from the city city in Honolulu, when you see this application realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt temperatures of tsunami.
It's very important that these temperatures work, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens take away the developed deserts.
And Chicago has just released it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction and organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology, you know this doesn't happen normally now.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that to have done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the Jewish power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form is a kind of strand of adversaries to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like the private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet itself.
That is, without resistance, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents how to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a related institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only English for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain it, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the MBI Record Record -- and all of those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in Tim Okas, which we do together because we don't can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government ultimately emerged from us, remember that of us, the people to think about it, the way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government is to choose people to fit charges.
Well, after two years I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of sparks.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It is the place that is attacked by the calls if you mark 31 in the U.S.
Scott attacked this call.
I got "Japanese in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the door doors in the house, put a strong music and see if you go?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that's not the end of the springs.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, websites and mobile phone, called "Charts Connecticut.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people from the New Mechanical United Health Office of Boston.
One day, this happened really, this question: "Jewish in my trash cube -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to stop it?
The dynamic of Citial Connecticut is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citial City, everything is public, so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report, he said, "I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Raises? Yes. Live? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, sleep slide."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people get advertised and help others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we will cut the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think one is the entrance of the other.
Our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches cell.
At the bottom is what we call biomass.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that description that keeps us with that that we fund as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work we need to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Oscareness movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of the financial reform project.
That's not political activity, it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us that have been rescued by the government, it's time for us to wonder what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't afford government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act manufactured, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age average of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regimeness, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face on who's going to talk about who's going to talk about -- they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions at any time and they do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care very much to hear your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaned up a hypothetical, taking males, pouring a trash cube that has a spring inside it.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not just consumers -- not just the government consumers we pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that: we're citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a voice crowd, or will we also be a human multiple?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in market communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulations has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have any other way.
I mean, because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they teach themselves to feel, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it is cooling, it can get much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in everything in the family.
She started a lot of the dinosaurs in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1884.
She was born on the 1880s and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was small and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I would blow up.
One or two hours later, I would look at it, and he came up and said, "Brand, you still feel my open?
And if I said no, I was advanced again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the lower of the 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins running there.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And so I looked at it and I smile, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, went through the room, took me out of my hand and said, "You know, Brian. The two we're going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Break, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mal."
She said, "Now make sure you won't do it." I said, "Sure."
And then I sat down, and he looked at me and said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, British."
I said, "Second, Mal."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise you will always be careful."
As I love my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is you will always do the right thing as hard as the right thing is to be difficult.
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want to promise you is you never drink algae."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a single year and a sister one year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just got to do the crazy locals.
He took a beer surface, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go, but I'm not going to take beer been."
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as we do.
I already took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can go."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens to you? Take a beer."
And I was looking at me with force and continued: "Oh, not being that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?"
He said, "Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was discovered.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to be widely spreading up.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue. I say it for the power that identity is.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been imprisoned during the banana.
My uncle died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that we had to commit to.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive completion, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so deeply, so much despair.
One out of three black ones between 18 and 30 years old is in prison or conditioning freedom.
In urban communities around the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Balalo, Washington, 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a criminal system that is much better if you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not cultural, but wealth.
And it seems that we feel very climbing.
The fear policy and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work in some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they provide you from rights for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it to the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights is going to be as elevated as it was before they approved the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where the 13 year-old children will die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility to go out there.
Right now we're in process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for common crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the common crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine of nine people, they have identified one which is innocent that it's expanding and released from death corridors of death.
A range of error, amazing -- an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you wouldn't allow any airplanes to be allowed if every nine that you would wake up, you would be able to start.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we get killed.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be called.
They worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what his lives defined for.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talk, makes speeches -- give people to people who stop saying that in our history we have for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial substrailing and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
We work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you could not overcome racial security without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country, we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures about the death penalty pattern.
It was fascinating, because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say."
Adam, we don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will hardly never be able to have it here."
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said, "There is no way that with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and delighted, we would be able to run people."
So reflective about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, it would run people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irregular.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicated.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are massively enjoyed by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
Finally, we talk about the need to have more hope, greater commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the floods, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
That's how we are. In spite of being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity. development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas as well.
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only the brilliant and demographic but also the dark and the hard.
Vacuar Harvard, the great black leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression -- we wanted all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, guidance for the spirit, a willingness to be in sites of despair and be tests."
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, should be committed.
There's no relationship related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them back.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer -- to meet Rosa Parks from me.
These women are just meeting just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carol called me to say, "Break, comes the Park Park. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to us?"
I was like, "Be lady. I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?
I said, "Let's look at it."
So I went and just heard them.
It was very terrible, very lighting.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mr. Parks turned to me and said, "Now Bradley, let me tell you that it's that idea of equality justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving it my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been confined in the table.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the senses of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty to do.
We tried to reduce the population in prisons.
We tried to end mass completely?
I gave him all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and said, "Milk meme meme."
And I said, "Excellent will end, very highly heavy."
At that time, Mr. Carol leaned up, he put her finger in the face and said, "This is why you have to be very but very brave ...
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find how to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to, it's not that it's a lady.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it is a murderer one.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is justice.
And finally, I think even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very small, very stimulative, not judge us by our technology, for our designs, not because of our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged but by the way the poor, the condoms, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel gelying. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I make too much force.
It stays tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been felt very sure.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been used to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it is?
The judge made it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was very late thinking about -- because of God, if the judge can become something you're not, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Britain, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working on a motion.
I had a 14 year-old client -- poor, black, black.
I started working on the movement, with an encouragement that said, "Motchy so that my 14 year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privileged white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white school for my being treated as a 75-year-old privileged.
In the movement I had there had been an indicator in the assistance, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was a line attached about how in this country is not ethical but a lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that instantly most significant model would be a dream, or actually write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but I had sent it to the court.
It was about two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car, and I felt really overwhelmed. overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and personally.
I finally pulled out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the counter of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer? He said, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
And so I got stuck and hug me.
And I was whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was the terrifying.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I entered the audience room.
When he comes in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this buse motion?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me? And we started discussing it.
People started getting there. They were all indigenous.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They came up with the police features, the authorities.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of the fun because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rate of the eye I went to see the conservation that I was going and came.
I looked at the window, and I would just hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and for there.
Finally, this old black black, in the face of concern entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge gave a recession.
During the description of the safety of the room was shown because the crisis had entered the room.
The assistant was applied on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black black stood up, looked at the assistant and looked at me and said, "I love this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with significant.
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be really evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should be able to get to the franchise, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep sight in the goal with significant.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purpose, to do something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
BC: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum of this spring in which you will do an effort to restore the funds that are spent today in punishment policies.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in arrests.
Fifty percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a change of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There have been a huge decline in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the greatest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
BL: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's for the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the local population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into the perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against ownership instead of getting those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Britain, you've been excited about us here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Rocket," they grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Rocket 2: Hamburger in Somalia, Local 3: The police throws O.C.
Rocket 4: Secretary footbreases, Left five: Corrosing Cross.
Rocket 6: Social Decodes. Learning Second Sweden: 65 dead.
Rocket 8: Allegal of tsunami, Locker 9: Combinations.
Many locomotions: War to the narrative. mass destruction torture.
Recession. Bang. Last Judge English. Siria.
Crisis Crisis. Designer.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamosas, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, which might be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press means prefer to provide negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing makes us more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an old phase of the temporal lobe called allegarian.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories will prefer to look at negative.
That old report of the press, "If there is blood, sells -- is very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news at the age of seven hours a week, 24 hours a day, not surprisingly, we are pessimistic.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going to be wrong in worse.
But it may not be like this.
Maybe in change, what really happens is we get distributions.
Maybe huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, species extinction and water and energy -- no doubt we have them.
As human beings are very good at moving the problems and, in the long run, we ended up with them.
So let's look at the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled, average per capita per capita has been tripled across the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya went from 25 percent more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to give us higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile phone, air conditioning and cars.
The magnetic bars of the past century, the world's entrepreneurs would never have dreamed of such a luxury.
To support a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in information technology jumps into this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a 70-year-old supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recovery, in depression and at the top.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And although it's shocked in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autonomositizes call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanomaterials and A.I.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Watson's Jerusalem: Western OECD?
It was painting.
I was looking at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson comes to human opposites."
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
Play with the maps of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students can impact a billion people today.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and it is abundant.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Navalia II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of Sib.
The Navasab troops ate with silver covers, and the same Navasan, with gold covers.
But the king of Six, I ate with aluminum clubs.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet -- it's worth more than the gold and the dish.
So this is why the tip of the Monterey to Washington is about aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metal metal material.
It's bound by oxygen and silence.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was demographic.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about the energy shortage.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 watts of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarce, but it's about accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the general death," 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a hole per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk now from wars for water.
Remember when Carl Salama pointed up the Voyager spacecraft Voyager to Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
He took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet in 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fought by 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
National comes, nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators of the biases -- I'd like to share with you, I was permission to do -- his technology called Slick -- maybe you know it -- is the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water through any source water, contaminated water, a leather -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have a confidence that this is going to be, Coca-Cola to implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the end of 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, a smart cell phone with Google, has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that no one could have ever predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video, images, books of books and music, medical digital -- now they determine and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best one comes when the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure of announcing with the Qualight Foundation something called the X Trady Prize, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has A.I. -- they can take blood from the finger.
To win you have to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where the marketing charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence a RNA or DNA virus that doesn't recognize -- call the health of the health, and in the first place, avoiding the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion users of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before they join global conversation.
What do these people want for?
What would you do? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will be healthier thanks to the Trajician, from a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, educated and productive health.
How about some voices never before?
What if we give the optimists, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion provide?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict prediction?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that could only make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Force.
He served at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids and figure out how the protein is going to be collected.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supermassive problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today, the recognition machinery of human pattern recognition is better fighting protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the broadcaster of the bacteria.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a lot of extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the rise of the stop.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1832.
You might think it would be pinkles, but it wasn't like this.
It actually collect fish.
And I described one of them as very common."
It was the bear.
He found it a lot to the 1800s to the time.
Now the fish is at the Red State List.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have anything special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The forces still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the pillowing of the tape.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a law in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could be integrated.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palm plates, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were the thylacines of about 20 inches -- the black bar thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacine thylacines there.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and it went through a good moment, so he made more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had gone down to half.
They made the five centimeters mathematical.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the dragon fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in 1960, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The fishing development used to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly was called the Mutia Four.
I went out fishing in him, and we were doing studies in southern China Sea and especially in the Japan Sea.
What we captured was something uncomfortable.
We captured now, the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were spaces, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny boards on a few remains, the rest of them are a fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very quick.
In one year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They found them because they were dead.
Once we captured a live.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what they collect the fishermen every time they go to a zone where they never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the vanishing point, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the Y-axis, we have a good thing: biodiversity -- a lot of ears, the summer of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extracter it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the number of changes.
And then at the end of the way to keep a few remains right.
And that, in great measure, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer about what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very adultery, before you get extinct, it's very frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose animals smart.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a sea synonymous sea.
They become unlikely because we fishing.
Over time you have a few fish, but we think that's the point of party.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect that to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you would present -- as you captain such and so many fish in this area can't be used or usually don't use the scientists in the fishing -- because it's not scientific.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in instrumental societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can bring a protected marine zone.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really got the past.
So we looked at the past that people can't conceive because the score point has been running and it's extremely low.
That's for the people who can see a marine marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides you, which allows them to erase their point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think there are arts and cinema maybe can fill the vacuum. simulation.
This is a simulation of the Coca-Cola Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Behalen Bay 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that materials and the tones are like "Appeal."
And if you think about "Apple: if you think about why people were being moved with the movie -- not talking about the story of Patenis -- why do you move to the pictures?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I'm going to give, is to Cambridge, make "Avander II under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allende, the YouTube trend manager and I look at YouTube videos in professional ways.
It's true.
So today we will see why videos are made viral and what importance has that.
We all want to be stars, celebrities and cars, comfortable -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web video makes any of us, or from our actions, it comes into a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a small percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite from visit and makes cultural momentum.
How does that happen?
Three things: transformation creators, communities of participation and surprise.
Okay, let's start.
Bernard Vanderbility: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ooh, worth."
KA: Last year, Berlin Saturn published this video filmed outside his house in the Yosemite National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows reproduction in the popularity of the past summer.
Berlin is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called YouTube Mountain Bernis.
I had already published many videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmer.
Jimmy Kimmer published this content that would collect the video to popularity to the police.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmer present us new and interesting things, and they send them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Friday, seriously. You have to start the series.   Everybody wants you to get the series of the week, the weekend.   Friday, Friday --  -- starting the Friday --  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Friday Black Regional is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Aristotle Drew Douglader: this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other pieces, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday one?
Well, I took it Tomin, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mission Science Theory, was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trends of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 partners from "Services in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for every other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- by measuring it or doing something new with that.
"None Categorie is a repeat animation with an agreed music.
So that's how it is.
This year, they saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were removed.
Somebody made a version to the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, the whole regime community that made this would happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Art "Dran Doug or Rebect Black or "None Categories?
What did they have written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video per minute, just that truly unique and unexpected way can be pulled out of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this big video of a guy who protest against the clinics in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey State: I was supply for the biochemistry, but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by the bicycle.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey State made five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new thing we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bernard Valley: What does this mean?
OK.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends, creative communities of participation, are totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media -- of a new culture, where we all have access to it, and it's the audience that defines the popularity of it.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Big, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit masters of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are barely the current media, but they will define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still brother.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So imagine it as the communist comes into Africa, facing the fact that their life had totally been in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now burn it.
It was broken in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be applied, but we support it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it was singing quietly to the sea.
My mother, Mau, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a constant marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that he couldn't do it.
And after a four year-old spider that challenges fiction, a boat was sliding into the distributed sea of fishing vessel.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pieces, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a supply with poison.
If you were captured, first we'll take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the test diving on every wave and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate people who came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to run for six hours.
But I know I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we set up in Melania.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fernandless, a kind of kind of class suburbs whose population is composed of immigrants in it.
Unlike middle-class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Fernandless, had not felt the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the core English fragments were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turning.
Even like that, I found time to study English and get a title at IT "to interaction."
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra pipe in English and math, no matter what should be taken, which was generally new clothes -- it was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the tops, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing on the eyes and some gracefully a graffiti -- "Assumptions, go home."
At home, where?
Something in me was collected.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to support you."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exposed every night, but we were talking about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered bloods, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to wake it off.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be static and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, and influential, and young kids trapped between two worlds.
Subsidian substances and patterns.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Australian student, implanted with what I was afraid of myself.
In the other one, I was rooted in priced lives, tragically, by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from one piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
So, so Lady, annoying New Fortune, was now so God, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the trees and the comfort of life in an old suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each one and standing asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I reminded myself that I had the same age that she had when we got up the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Make it, he said, "And you're not what you're not."
So I talked about youth and education and determination to the markers and the devices.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I applied to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the frontier of the possible.
And although I finished my link, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a recent come in the scene -- and not only it's fine, but it's something that is so grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear it.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be really all affected.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a small group of people for whom the motto can't be done -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I did a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open step.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved on, and the adventure.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Cosmitics was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
At the age of 17, it became a confinement of a Mandela whose mother would beat it.
With no support of his husband, they caused a stir to break it up and take the cause himself, and much more revealed caused when he won.
It can't be done by the fact that it could be wrong.
I was in the shower of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melania.
I looked through the shock of the shower and saw it standing from the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fernandless and we sat around their air.
We told the stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monk came and told us he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you have taken your hand since the morning, he said.
"You haven't solved it."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Since we were and how life showed us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have easily continued.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that for you?
But I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in your lives, add up in every wave -- the constant rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that you wouldn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to a save, I would do it.
Thirty Nelson and also the mother of so is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Radian about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Matt Alass.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian epidemic.
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and cut the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
So at that time, when I Arizona, the great Indian warrior in India, he was seen, he took a bow and with a shell on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with slides and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a delight if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his pocket silver clock.
And this technology piece of 50 was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and farmers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we are.
It was our inspiration.
So I was launched, I was thrown to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiplied.
But what does that look like?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I get a character in the book.
And in several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting to me.
So over here, we need to include the iPad.
And really, they light up your way on what it remains from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a little girl was that a whole galaxy would be a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I dragged towards this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all the fantasy books there have always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map growing and forgiveness and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book it is also gone.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another extremely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and a contemporary time.
These are the sparks here.
We've all heard of the hands and the ships, but how many people outside India know their Indian passwords, the sparks?
These poor sharks have been trapped in the car cameras for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their parents, have not come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: from sticks and stones, guards and containers.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and on a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a string and says, "Oh, I saw a route."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken away.
Within the various connections between the magic, the Earth and the technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we would be able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video locked up and through the increasing reality sees a group of animated stores appearing on the interior plants in the house.
At one point the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
So let's go towards a world where the forces of nature are going to engage with technology and magic and technology is closer to each other.
And the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Radio University was to figure out a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known to people, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems that all, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikipedia hall. It's a very simple thing.
It has a period of ship and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms here.
But it's so simple, every time I connect me, send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when I need cardiovascular care or some urgency of that style but look back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my Wi-Fi satellite and before I go up to my car, people start talking, Lucy, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's a pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also so patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
The next week will be available.
This little chip connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they go back to recover the control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the cost of medicine, demographics and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by constructive.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have sailing controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Marifian at Marifian.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chain.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but no one knew.
Nobody knew where to get DNA saves lives right now.
What we did was do a conference in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience -- you see a DVD, please see it, you give them where, and when it's open, because sometimes they open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an application for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Martian and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and you can use the next weeks to use your McGowan cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this one, not just like DNA U.S. name, which is the name of the product, but also as DBC.
And we wish to start it globally.
We're taking all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the DNA driver around the world.
Every time you are from vacation and someone collapses, you can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be a message service or a telephone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in its place.
Please help you in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it the photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years old.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing but it was a little different because when I used the camera the process was in the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the puzzle.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a construction in a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this, dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say realistic saying photosynthesis.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph.
pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem really?
Is it the details or the colors.
Does it invent light?
What does the illusion create is?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end it's about how we interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a way they can create something that even seems three-dimensional as if there was.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we set up the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It is really to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic I think they're those where we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images have come up with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
The personal thing I think is easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even made the house at the top of the island so that it looks more sound.
So to get a realistic result, I think it's missing planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here each piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microscopes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like many other ones that we tend to see, is a straight kind of line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here is something bizarre here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn your lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logic scales.
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which you say, these are the years or a unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to make, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if it grabs, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semi-portrait curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If transportation technology would move as fast as the microscopic technology, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a growing growth that every few years forward orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know this until it comes up something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, that's why I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask me, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
What new state are the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been completely excited, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel something happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all going to be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today makes no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have much to do with technology and I.T.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about two billion years ago when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals who were floating around it.
If we look at the way that these chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and that is that, at that time, there was floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes on its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate from the outside, and so the droplets grew up.
They began to divide up.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide was an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they content.
So every vote was a little different.
In fact, the voices that somehow were diagnosed by being better at the time of incorporating the chemical chemicals -- they grew more and more chemicals and they divided more.
They usually lived more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we didn't really understand these targets learned to store information.
They learned to stop information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked on this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living self is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide into the security people.
But it goes -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA frame and I took it 10 at 22 at the time.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card -- I have a lot for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was an equilibrium I'd put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened where things became very different and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming cell communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found how to avoid penicillin, and they came up to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to the communities that they were in a certain way, together they were together.
So they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful all the individuals in that community, they were more likely to replicate and they were blessed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that in fact, they came together and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing community information.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to regenerate, understanding and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew wrong and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures that are hugely accelerating the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea in the head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting a few gravitations, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in his heads that I had some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we converted it into sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
So that allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
Now we go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we will take our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the computer, the video tape, the CDC, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that leads us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You already saw the evolutionary example of the thing where I produced some evolution with the program Control, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you had taken a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language etc., took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process forests -- I suppose that attortexum is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more changed, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this exploration of the curve.
You see the process feeds.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know the mechanisms that I employ to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions of millions.
Instead, with the designers of The Telescope Machines, we think of a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with it does something that before you couldn't get much faster and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microscopes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequences in random risk?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, to run all those programs, and take those people who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching the numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a random sequence of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, he could location two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
So let's take those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers of the numbers.
And we go back to play them by following a process of angry reconstruction to sex.
Let's take two programs, which will provide children, who are sharing substances, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
California again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries again and repeat with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strange programs.
But they bring the commodity.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that got it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I was once at a 747 with Marine Missouri and puts a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight. Doesn't it make you feel slow?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started dependent on computers to do different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole options that we have.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it's feedback.
The thing is getting faster and faster and so I think it seems as confident.
Because all of these technologies are forestally.
We're shooting.
And we're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiplicities.
We are the women, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to allow me to get part of my fake pressure in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to come out of the rules and talk about the statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talk about 300 percent of a battle that battery 300.
That means the basic battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being caught out, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base is not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know how they call a 300 of the Grand Lines?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400 baseball battle?
By the way, that's somebody that 10 hits -- I have four squares.
Leander -- like the Ted Williams Legend, the last Great League player of Beijing to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my medical world where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 in separations.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and you have two organized coronary arteries and your family doctor brings it to a cardiologist whose record in analog is 200 percent.
But do you know what?
She's just getting better this year.
And their actions have been 275.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart or a card-graderal surgeon or a nurse or a global observation" or a global observation?
Thousand, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a drug.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I included, with the mandate, to be perfect.
They never, ever make a mistake and they think about figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medical medicine.
I was a computer obsessional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said Brian Golding studied to a blood test.
So that.
I studied in my little desert, in the reserve of nurses of the General hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the differential digital diagnosis and the non-zero-sum.
And I even knew the digital diagnosis about how to classify kidney purely climbing.
And as much as I used more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And I heard from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because so I would get rid of mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Dragon Dragon.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought the Dragon Dragon to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the school service.
And when emergency requested to be a cardiologist I had to attend to that patient.
It will inform the boss of residents.
When I saw the Dragon Dragon, I was walking.
I heard a slime sound.
And when I assure it, I heard a sound standard on both sides, which gave me a collective heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working and instead of drinking blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give it.
He gave him assistant and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave him diabetes, water pills, so he could eliminate liquid line.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake, I sent it to your house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and put it with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to support complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that requires constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even telling my boss to me.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When you send it to your house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said, Goldman, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of the lady "Franklin: "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said, "Yeah, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So it was that I signed up the high, and the ambulance along with the drugs brought it to your house.
I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking hospital where my car was to go home. At that moment I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who was taking care of the Dragon Green before, but another one -- he told me three words, those three words that most emergency medical doctors.
Other specialists are afraid of as well, but there's a particular participation in emotional -- and that is that we see patients soon.
The three words are accepted you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent your home?"
I asked the other nurse with complete nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice tone with the same voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
Within an hour of getting to his house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and her family called 9/11, the doctors brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 miles from High, which means a severe shock.
I just breathe and he was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the artificial pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was complicated and shaking to the spinal cord.
I had a mixture of feelings, because then they were going to stabilize it in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irregular brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go. The Dragon Dragon, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the evil shame that there was in our medical culture and I felt just isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad about it.
It's the one that tells us that we did not make it wrong, but we're bad.
And I felt.
And it wasn't because of my boss, he was a love.
I talked to the family and I'm sure that I hold things and make sure that they wouldn't let me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss, why did I send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why made a mistake so still comprise?
Why do I choose medicine?
Little at a little bit of that feeling was distributed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, I opened up the sky, and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I was driving the efforts to be perfect to not make more errors, it would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got to a 25 year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy and applied.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little colony.
He wrote penicillin and he sent him into his house.
But as he turned to the door, he kept pointing his throat down.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I uttered the three words: Do you remember this?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the pigs?
Well, he came back and didn't have a paralyzing factor.
He had a potentially fatal condition.
You can search for Google. It's an infection, not the throat, but of the upper air, and that it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't.
You get antibiotics on the increase and you recover the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and rocks, then really leave me and I went back to work, until over and over again, and again.
Two times in the same trace of emergency -- not appropriately distinct.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it took 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a radio radio radio, but it was normal, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the bottom right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to redesign and asked my colleague to review it.
You reviewed it and you notice some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
They both were operated and they recovered well.
But every case I was anticipated, I was developed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a percent.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only amazed and without support.
And here's the problem: If I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course, in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues too, that a transformation in my hospital made the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The whole denial denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and the ones that not, those who can't sleep and the ones I know -- those who have a few results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to the people who make mistakes, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical prosthesis and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Star to my program, White Coast, Black Art "Black Art Arthur Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are online.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or domination is not right. In a system where information infection is increasingly more, and more numerous ones, by providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian cancer cancers in the medical medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's about bullet substances, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge grows every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The privacy of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, it comes crazy with clean eyes and wind with alcohol and suddenly my story is all about contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't require their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, there is no one.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "Delay White: black art, black art -- is already a habit saying, "This is my worst error." I would tell everybody, from the paradoxics to the head of cardiac surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are your mistakes? And it would lead the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go back, they would drop their head and they were transparent and they would start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a refined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The refined doctor is human, you know, you know, you accept it, and it doesn't be proud of your errors, but it was effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It sets up the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and supported to make everyone benefit from.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every once in a while.
My name is Brian Golding.
I'm a refined doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel like learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what they think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions take a day anymore?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I did a little bit of a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says to pick up an average American American, about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot of research, in a research for a week to a group of business presidents of business.
The researchers record the different tasks for these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, in average, they get 33 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of mines.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many for one hour of the one?
How do you heat the way that you make those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems in the current world, choose to the spread of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a pain.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of operation survivor?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I kept this very, very high level of level -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated.
It's called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and coverage, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of it bottled water, and this was when we take water water.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why never buy anything else?
This is the standard of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy of offering all of these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with his cameras.
So we decided to make a little experiment.
walk.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a position to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put the signs out of six savings, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, in what case people were willing to stop testing the memorial?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six -- 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a tool of memorized.
Here we find the opposite effect.
From those who stopped when there were 24 -- only three percent came to buy memorized.
From those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought memorized.
If we did the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy if they found six, that if they found 22.
Well, deciding that we don't buy memorize probably makes us -- and the less is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the spread of choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this is not convinced.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe to you a study that I did with Guard Hubble, Embarras Kamian and Web Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans -- from about 600 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of forests of the funds available in savings of random savings for retirement program -- phone program -- it would lead people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that were going from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger number of funded funds -- there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that on the plans that offer two funding, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funding, the participatory rate went down to the 50th percentile percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the greater the choice was the number of options, more people were encouraged to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
In terms of more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing to do is, they make the decision, that they even apply it when it goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in the finance, in the health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, although obviously they get better.
The main reason is that we are able to look at that giant variety of mathematics, mustard and wind and membrane, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose from that amazing experience.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we have tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that you can rehearse in your business.
The first is, Cortach.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People always bother when I say, "Couple couch."
They worry about losing space in the air.
But actually, what we're seeing is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of extra redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will have a better experience in choice.
When Production & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shephels to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman College collapses products for cats of cats that are less sold -- they increased the use at 85 percent, by two causes, higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that today's supermarkets.
In a Wallette store are about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Ali and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato salt.
In the world of financial savings world, I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to manage the choices is the blueprint of David Labora, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically embedded at a sense of security for a living.
Those who really want to choose, they give them 20 funds -- not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut out.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Give me the differences there are between those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you will not be able to do their clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Garden.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a lot of vacation with all paid on the most beautiful road.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the Gore supply.
(Popular classrooms? Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't it more?
Okay, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think I actually had to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round than in the second round than the second round -- but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of the spread of choices, which is Consciousness.
So people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very virtually, very cool.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use effectiveness?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shake Benjamin and Alexander President, especially about Newtonian NGOs who worked in NGOs, these people were in a meeting where they were being trained to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, we had exactly been used as being used as usual, we made a little addiction.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the tenth of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account.
The third technique is Clauna.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Webber supermarkets, along the ridge of the wheel, the magazine exhibition can contain from 313 different guys to 66.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry experiments.
One is called "Japan and the other, Sudan."
If you think the one on the left is Swin, and the one on the right is Japan, you get a pain.
(Children are all -- well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Swin, they get a pain.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japan and the one on the right is Swin. But you know what?
This classify scheme is totally useless.
Categories have to indicate something that you choose to, not when you define them.
And you can often see this problem with these huge finance lists.
Hopefully who are they information?
My fourth category, Congratum complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it.
We need to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to personalize it.
You have to take 60 decisions to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Color, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box box. Four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, to a few boxes.
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, 16 colors, many options.
And what am I going to see?
How many of you are.
If you always get the button for defect in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, you are losing them.
We found that those who are going from many choices at the time, they push the button for defect over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented to it.
If we start with the easy, you learn how to pick up.
Although you pick up the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building now to be more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the open operation problem, Cortach, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congress, make it real. Clain -- we can handle more categories with less choices, and to condition complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better, for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful when you choose to.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine had to rebuild it to the government.
And I had to register an example of writing text with the machine.
And this is so that the government could trace the origin of the text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much that will limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a few yellow dots printed on each page that makes a pattern that makes them from one and their printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be absolutely advanced by this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can take the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Global in the city of King, in Ukraine.
The cell cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to make a lot of money, incidental amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplicities, who made money with their attacks.
This is Virgin Task, from Tamage, Estonia Stage.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bring Sunnerance.
These are Matthew Anderson: Tairo Alaska, etc., etc., etc.
These guys are doing their forests online, but they do it by illegal media through bank transitions to steal money from our account when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, freeze the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Japan, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jaire started soldiers, you know its paradigm.
And I say today it's more likely than any of us are victims of a climbing that a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attention that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that makes them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions -- they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have documented in the last 12 months by occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks? The criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group are the national states that they attack.
And then we see cases like the Digglisher.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Dictatorship is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually, it was.
I declared the last fall, because of a supply.
They showed the safety of the site and they lost a cyber.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were fighting the death of people because of the attack to Dicking.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how does people die, because of an attack of these?
Dictatorship is a certified authority.
They sell certificates.
What do the certifications?
Well, you need if you have a website with a stuff, you have a state of engineering services, Starlor services, services like Giamb.
Except they interpret a foreign certified authority.
And they emit secrets according to them.
And in the case of Dicking that happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the standard of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this cheating catalyst "Freedom."
And within that folder there were notes from a self-assembly company in Germany that had sold the technological government tools to intercept large scale the communications of the citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple weeks ago, was found the Sugar Russian Trajician, a transportation used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interrupted.
But today it goes further.
The connection to the Internet.
They're going to use even tools like the Super Russian translated to infect our computer with a traffic to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this obvious answer should be, "Well, it seems like something wrong, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why do you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
There is a privacy.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we solve today, will be forever.
Will we trust each future in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the south part of the National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park of Nairobi in Nairobi, in the back.
The Nairobi National Park is not close to most of the South, which means that wild animals like the blind migrate outside the park.
And predators like lions. Like lions.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of those who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead so bad because it was the only tool we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from heaven with our animals and all the land to pass them, and that's why we value them.
So I grew up hearing a lot about lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also mad with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, at age six, is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that was happening to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were scary.
But I realized that this didn't actually serve it, because it even helped lions see the stage of far.
I didn't give up. I continued.
A second idea was to use a sparked.
I tried to deceive the lions for them to believe it was near the stage.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and they saw the sparked, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stage with an anthropologist, and that day lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that is moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I would think and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
I assembled everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the little indigenous box -- I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights flash out.
As you can see, light bulbs go outside, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights destroy and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking around the stage, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had a problem with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if he could put the lights out.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now by all over Kenya, to scare other predators as honest, leaders, and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Because of this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Krayba International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, I was just a kid in the shop of the savanna by holding my father's voices, and I used to see airplanes flying around, and he told me that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows from my dad and the lions -- we can be with the lions without any conflict.
As long as my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship -- Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: An electric fence close?
RS: I know that you invented the electric closes, but I want to do mine.
CA: You know, you try it once, right?  RB: I've tried it before, but because I got a calemente.  CA: At the foot. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage every step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much. AR: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I No Seventy."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Indian history, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we are ready to die."
He was very high.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climb in his arms looking at her mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine left North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, over a million Koreans died during famine and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts -- all around me was completely to dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves from boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anonymous in certain points, allowing Nordens to cross perfectly.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life was like as a North Redefine.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North Redesible refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be reproduced to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare.
Someone had accused me for being Northeast, so they examined my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to blow up.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an official told another, "This was a fake report -- she's not Northern."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for an foreign bombs.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and department.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These norms were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Nordens are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape many other Nordens haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of their world can be submitted in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity -- I've decided to walk to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
To sit in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South America.
We are all Koreans, but in the inside, we have become very different because of 75 years of divide.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I Superman or Northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call my profile.
Although embracing the life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I did a plan -- I started studying for the engineering exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received an alarming call.
The authorities of North Korea interviewed some money that I sent to my family, and as punishment my family, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a local location on the outside.
They had to cut immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I headed into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I usually put me foot and told him that they were deaf people who were coming into.
I looked at myself, but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way to the L.A. border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Lagos.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally crossing.
After paying more and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance from the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or more police.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would be asked to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary I explained to him the situation, and without doubt the man went to the automated cartoon and gave me the rest of the money for my family and the other two nerds and get them out of prison.
I thank him all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you."
"I'm helping the North American people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown weapon symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North American town when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the hope of hope that the North American people.
Eventually, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving his freedom is only half the battle.
Many Norden are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue to contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I have been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspire in my life, so I want to help Norwegians a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Northeast translating around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Center South Center: lasers stores, fast food, balanced panels.
So the planners of the city came together and they thought, we're going to change the South Center so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles as if it would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South --  stores of lights, fast food, balanced footprint.
Just like 26 million other Americans live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center home in the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of cultural diseases in the Los Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times higher than that, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of your house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars.
I see centers of diagnosis that are placed like Stages.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of managing 45 minutes of step and turning to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was planting a forest forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a garden.
It's about 45 feet or three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Ground, we put together and start to plant our food forest trees -- you know, the nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of a group paid by advanced computers from all the processes, all of the city and completely volunteers, and all we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained up.
The city came up with me and in summary, gave me a little bit of a category saying that I had to remove my garden, the category became justice order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let me leave."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Love, and I talked to the contact and one of the members of Green Ground, who put a petition in Christian, with 900 signs, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say that they were going to go back and they found what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more landed boundaries.
It has 68 miles of balanced land.
That equals 20 Parks Central Paris.
That's enough space to plant 72 million tomato plants.
Why does the hell look like this?
Growing up a plant to give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of laboratories will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my home, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Center.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I'm laughing at being part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graph, I grow my art.
Just like a graffiti artist that shame walls, I pick up soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embryos of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a roller is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, to transform my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how they affect kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and productive act you can do, especially in a business.
Also, they get strikes.
I remember an occasion, and they came up with a mother and his daughter, they were like 1930, at night and they were in my garden, and they were going out and they were very still.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Well, don't you fear people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Ground has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all on voluntary plan.
If kids grow cold, kids are eating carbon.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, they eat blind people in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids that are in this path designed for them, who don't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are going to join their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Carrier.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens where people can share food in the same picture.
I want to take container and turn them into health care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to sustain it.
What I talk about is to get people to work to work, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everyone to become ecological renewables, search, gardens sandwich.
We need to change the script of what a search is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a grass.
The samples take their roll of account?
That is their choice.
Instead, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit, to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see, come to the garden with your stick so that we could plant something.
Peace peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Music sounds)  You probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road.
It's made of astronomy, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that it subsequests.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars pass out, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make a powerful astronomy road.
The porous astronomy, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the entire rain water flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't jump water again.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very heavy, the whole noise will disappear so it's a very silent road.
It also has advantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is the laugh? See that in this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one of a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can give them their paradigm, and they're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create backs with that.
Ah, it's ready.
Machines, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage looks like in this material.
It's a porous astronomy, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adventure between the stones.
Because of the interesting, the UV light, the oxygen, this adventure, this beat, the glue between the ridiculous, and if they come down, they will make microbes and separate from the lawyers.
So if you drive out of the road, you will take the adventures -- as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about acceleration materials.
If we can make this material contract, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean seasons, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the bear.
So we have a seat with small chunks of steel in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a manufacturing machine.
International can collapse, especially steel -- it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the beauty, the beauty flow through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the great manufacturing machine here on the stage.
Microscope oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated a piece of roads, 400 meters from the Jack freeway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge into them, and we turned them back to our manufacturing machine, and we turned them back and to prove them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers -- including these fibers -- using the energy of induction, to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double the life of the surface -- really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before you can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound of the climb in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depression.
The Taliban were saying, "The father was screaming my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal illegal girls that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to school my older sister, who could no longer be alone outside, to go to secret school.
It was the only way we could actually educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the stock of the market so that it would look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us put into a little room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we would raise our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the while, school was closed back for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were sticking out, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a terror.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total compound of a remote province from Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father did it.
But my educated mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It's going to retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his entire family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating their children.
During the years of the Taliban. I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit it, but my father said, "Yeah, my daughter -- you can lose everything you have in life.
They can steal your money. They can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family hadn't been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate in Michael College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He didn't only get away from my university degree, but also I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, which I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 155, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded SOLA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, are advocating for them, despite and still in front of a destructive opposition.
Like Anang. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were going from the way from Slandomass to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road for minutes.
When you get to your house, you are the phone, a voice told him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would go back to try.
"Make me go, if you will, he said, "But I won't harm the future of my daughter for his old and bright ideas."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people we translate, there's a father that recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds, remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of change.
I fear these changes don't last a lot, after the retirement of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that encourage them, I see a professional future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and light possibilities, and every day the Chinese girls remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence: "High David, resist Gap. Fight against him.
But you never get a revolutionary style Gabrark."
They've spent almost two years since there is the free revolution inspired by the wides of mass movements as much as the Tunisian revolution and the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a day of force and start a revolution against the terrible regime of Gates.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the vacuum, requiring the fall of the regime, providing freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a value to be able to face the distribution of Gates.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the West, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the trick.
However, Gabrarial left a heavy charge, a legacy of spark and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the ridge regime of Gap destroyed infrastructure, the culture and the moral structure of the civil society.
Consciousness of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild civil civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
About 200 organizations were established in Beijing during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, approximately 300 in Tribul.
After a period of 33 years of existence, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capacity, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Lapan Women platform by peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation to advocate for the world's social autonomy and by our right participation right to build democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the president period, an environment that was increasingly popular, which is model of selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Eventually, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, a little bit, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing -- every day we found news news.
One day we wake up with the news of the ancient mosques and the Sufi Media.
Another day I ended up with the murder news murder and attack the confidence.
The other day we woke up with the official news murder of the military air.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continual rights rape violation and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more polar more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intelligence, the exclusion and the wine became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire ourselves with our history of the list of crime and elections.
Rather I'm here today to convince us that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring the peace and stability and security to light.
The crime list and the alternative between candidates.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Maybe what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed to do, which only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most feminine than we need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as indigenous agents and calling the grade days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only honored, but also put the mercy instead of the reverse, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of the exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algae that deals with the interrelationship and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the Koran "Allegam -- peak, "is the word of the God Mose, range, compassionate."
At the time, the word "Rach," which is known in all the ambition traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word rate -- symbolic the feminine and maternal -- which is going on all the humanity that men and women, where all tribes and all the towns have enhanced.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion of the whole existence.
This is what we're told, "My mission covers all the things.
This is what we're told, "My mission prevents on my grand."
That all of you are given to you the grace of mysterio.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an incentive question, which has an equally incentive answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody else is like, why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who pays him out?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just met at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and an editor in the Senator magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green story American Empire, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, I was pointing to my head with a plastic, charged with soil balls.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell the story of "mother "of "Lovely, a psychological trap. Love disguised -- where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't seem a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm license in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in Marifian of the Whirha Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from the "Fortune 500 list, between the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Buddhas and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black laboratory and a minister Hong Oscar.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all the religions, all the levels of release and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of males are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interesting and long duration or saying otherwise, in the families, the last place where we would want or expect to find violence, why domestic abuse is so discovered.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who had a man, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls are killed every year by partners, bonders and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, your warning signs or your patterns.
I met Congo in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side in the New York subway and started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he also had to get rid of a university of the Leagua Law and he worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that I was ready and fun, and that looked like a field of the field.
I had a lot of big models like apples and a wheat rubber, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all the beginning by putting me into a pedestrian.
We started coming out and loved everything from me, which was list that I had gone to Harvard, who had passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congress believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And it was why that distributed school and work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted I quit my work and Congress and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a lot of lovely, which was coming from head in a physical trap. Financial and psychological prison.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And this is where those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that site where Congress was supposed to feel so safe was bought three pills.
One had in the front of the car.
Another one was under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that he needed those pilots because of the trauma that he lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pilots were actually a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congress happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the walk.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very removed.
It just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and it would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I wrote several times against the coat of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our moon moon, he got caught by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo kept asking me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying. At some point of life, and the disease of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are maled, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay out?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply amazing man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their demands.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you simply get married?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has ended up to the relationship, after we go out, because then the advice has nothing to lose.
Other implications include the permanent approach, even after the advertise has come to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to bury the victim and their children, which are normally forced by judges to spend time not superconducced with the man who kept their mother.
And yet we continue to ask why it simply doesn't go?
I was able to go, because I was able to go out of a last Palestinian office who came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told all the world to the police, my neighbors to my friends and friends to my friends and family, and I'm here today because everybody helped me.
We have the tendency to stability victims as specific headlines -- authoritarian women, device goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people this is a way to say, "The guilt is its for staying, as if the victims choose instantly to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Look love: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also exploiting, who learned an intelligent lesson of what happened to them and reform their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I became married with a land and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black lab, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to come back to never have more, it's a charter pill pointing my head in hands of someone who says I want.
Right now, as you're thinking, "Hello, that's fascinating, or "Hall, what dumb was, but all this time I have actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being marked or that they were small or the advances themselves.
Malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end up with my crazy loved love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse shows only in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
The victims we need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Put the height into light talking about it with their kids, their job partners, their friends and family.
They reflect their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene to stop their climbing and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful origins that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russian, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women got horrified when they came out, they don't have to tell them now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tattoos are very incompatible, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this culture down the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so you don't do anything as you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much like this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surrounding.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would reduce the back and I would go through the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or artificial broadcast like the one I made two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which, although surface and uncomfortable, has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a single way.
The first question is, how do you get models?
And I always say, a cartically discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire too, we also associate it at a high and stable figure, to fertilize and a white skin.
And that's my heroin, heroic that I've been knowing about to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that now are showing scale, and maybe there are some moments of the fashion that they say, hopefully. There are Namibia, Turkey, Joan Muslims, Lin Wen.
First of all, the happiness to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York University told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 67 model models, only 27 percent, that is less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could I be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a correct corner surgeon, which would be awesome, because you'd be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, I still insisted, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my mind.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of the American magazine of American magazine or the exhibition of Metric, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the heart surgery, it can be summarized right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, that means if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "Mohal clothes for 10 years, people would look weird to you.
The next question that people always do is if all pictures are reinforced.
And yes, virtually all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a biochemistic, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
This is what I look at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a piece of pieces a few days before the photos for the French Valley.
Here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize I'm not me in those photos.
They're creation from a group of professionals, feared, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and pressure people and prosthetic, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get things free?
I have too many cars from 20 inches and I never use, except the previous couple -- but the privilege I get is the ones I get in real life, and we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a very primary driver, and of course they stood in red, and of course, they stood up, and I just stood down, agent to be able to keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for my respect, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140 teenagers who were left and recorded -- 86 percent were black and Latino men, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177, young black and Latino young people in New York, so it's not a question of me?
But how many times will you stop me? And what?
When I was researching for this talk, I found out that about 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises at 78 percent at 17.
So the last question people ask me is: How is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my way every day.
And if you ever wonder, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the most to the fashion -- but they're probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something that will retain from this talk, I hope that everybody is more comfortable to recognize the power of image in perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was higher enough to suggest a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures -- and I didn't go who I pulled them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in the enlightenment.
In fact, most of them took them random tourists.
My story starts when I found myself in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday. That's the 50-year-old corner of it.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York City just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take you to San York to New York in a patron trip and a rich trip?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, never any one has been hurt with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This photo is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October, and to reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how he perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we pass together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking on, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red touch of the wrist store that I found from small in previous visit.
And I was describing what I felt at five years old in that same place.
I decided that he remembered his heart paperable by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't get a lot of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't want to come up with somebody and ask yourself, does it get a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
Butterflies are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why are they so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney risks as minds mentally, stupid characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the Chinese press, applause and climates, these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Parliament -- but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean,  the paralysis don't help prevent the spread of disease.
We are hard to move.   They're far away from extracting.  And my favorite, the bubbles have better presence --   There are two kinds of bubbles on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists that are mostly found in the Americas, like the colleagues and the cars -- and the Britains of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- of these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bubbles important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, Limble.
They're our natural garbage collections.
They clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the computer that won't be for them to be stretched and cause big loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bubbles, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
Butterflies also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to old Egyptian culture.
Nelson was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cover, they signed the unit between the High and the Egypt.
In the Indian mythology. Jack was the bubble butter, and he risked his life to save the God Sing of the Democrat of 10 heads Rando.
In the Tibetan culture, you do some very important entries in the open sky -- places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bubbles provide a system of natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the bubbles?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, which six of which are in extreme extinction threat.
The reason is that they're being sending, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the paralyzed communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bubbles are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickeners.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position.
Since there's no bubbles, there have been a spread in the number of street dogs in the card seas, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for anger, the number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be on top of Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead goods to serve the anger and the happy market.
So what is it doing? OK, we're investigating these birds. We're putting them transformative.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem that is literally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bubbles, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become assets, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very unconscious creatures. Give us their time to spread the word. Spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they'll be informed on the bubbles, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the bubbles.
They're very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, no spending of energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do professional -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971 to 1977, it looks young, but I'm not.  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Cote of Maryland, Argentina and Somalia, in terms of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project that we set up in Africa.
And he was delivered.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we played we were announcing.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Obvious "Babble: was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we come up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get up.  We were astonished that local -- in such a fragile valley, didn't have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just at time to save people from "Babbage of humanity."
And of course, everything in Africa has been brought basically.
We got these magnificent tomatoes. In Italy, a tomato would grow up at this size. In Zambia.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the range, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, male and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hospitals appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the range, "Oh my God, the hypothesis."
And the ships said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say it?"
I thought we only Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what English did, what English did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hospitals.
You should see the flashlights --  -- you should see the waste that we give them to the confused people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "Hello Death by Damaging Moscan, economic economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Bring it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are involved, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we are patients, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin root rate: which means "Patient."
However, they mean two different things.
Patient, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids, I want a lot of you."
Patriass, I treat everyone in a different culture like my servers.
So the white ones in Africa are called "Babbage: head.
That book gave me a domain in the face. The little thing is beautiful: written by Schronist, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped as a leader, just alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is breathing.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that's not negative?
I decided to go at the age of 27 to just respond to people, and invented a system called Factorial Company, where you never start anything, but it becomes a serve of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's calculated.
It also comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a cafe. We met on a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never argue, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor, the business family doctor, who stands with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, and it helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning your life.
I started this as a test in hope, city of West Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this momentous garbage that we got to tell you what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I streamed and I listened to them.  So   So the government says, "Giant again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped start 40,000 businesses.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dragon, one of the most great business advances in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Dragon was a philosophy professor before we get involved in business, and this is what Peter Dradian says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christian without knowing what people most autistic in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confusion, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you can help them, and then you will go on, you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, the intelligence and the passion?
What are you going to show you more this morning.
People who are passionate -- that's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- Full fossil fuels --  -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- the universities, forget it.
The government governor? Forget it."
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that in a future magazine does many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the 1860s, this group of people came together, and they learned about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was universal, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they signed, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to translate to the population of New York to the areas, would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to deal with.
They were already getting aware of it.  So in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would build New York life.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States came up 100 car manufacturing companies, 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few surfaces, scared, factories in places in place.
Democratic, Michael Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer you confidence.
Otherwise, you won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer you an absolute designer, decision, an exciting service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with it to be understood.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things grateful -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercial, and you have to count a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've researched and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Western, Edison Edito, Ford all the new companies, Google, Yah.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, only one: No one was started by one person.
No word "for me, but the word "we," 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. Nobody.
So we can create the community where we have factors, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee houses, based on bars along their decisions who are going to do for you, what somebody did for this gentleman who talks about this epidemic, somebody who will ask you, what needs to be needed?
What can you? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you want to look for someone for?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who are around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatically, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dead?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to lover, drunk and speakers from centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives the music.  There's a destruction in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one of the most abandoned architects in the United States.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for time and living and living and living and living.
It gave me clarity to the significant things of my current life.
But I believe for keeping this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant slate and painted on her phrases to completely complete, "Before he died, I want to die.
So the transports could take a tattoo, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before I die I want to be judge per particular --  "Before I die I want to sit in the face of the date change line.
"Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before I die I want to plant a tree.
"Before I die I want to live outside the Web.
"Before I die I want to hug it once again."
"Before I die I want to go to the rescue of someone.
"Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people who made me laugh at cartoons, and they defined me, and they gave me a lot of difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and electronics. It's about giving the reflection to reflection and context, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they have been made in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increases, it's more important than ever, to find ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something we often avoid to talk about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think of the classical death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brother.
Romo is 22 years old, it's high and very wonderful.
It doesn't speak, but transmitted joy than some of the best speakers.
I know what love is.
And you share it inconvenient to what happens.
It's not amazing. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and think about it: never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words of the ones I couldn't even remember, it reminds me one thing: the little thing that we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very wide.
You have the most implicational memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my collaborator, but I remember the year that I came up with every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, and I paid my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gab.
Doesn't it seem incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, often they are ignored and uncomfortable.
But what drives my heart and published my soul was that even if that was the case, although you wouldn't consider them inside the ordinary -- that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term autism: it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it's manipulated differently, from there that Memorand is so different to Sam as well.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that are faster in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old, when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew up a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and actually didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living and reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure on the smaller things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing canal and eating anything that would be between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the blood, the frustration and the inexpensive hypothetical, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child that saw the world without prejudice -- a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Roman and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they're a donor donor -- each of us has a gift on their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal. It's the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gravity, progress and change die at the moment we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it should have been to be Alice in the Mars country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  So Stanford of truth -- Stanish of these students with his big minds, his big books and his big words and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt like that I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking larger challenges from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please have simple self-shares.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to say, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us that they study the classifiers, but they study the computers, which are the structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat optimists.
And when they're describing their science, caring with the jargon.
The gear is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, can you say space and temperature," but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is using examples, stories and analogies -- are ways to spread and excite with their content.
And when you present your work, forget about the salt signs of the ball."
You've wondered why you're called balances?  What do you do the balls? The bullets kill and kill your presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's too supported in the area of the language of our brain and subsequently overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of General Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the corals is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower of the Earth.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legacy, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that are pushing our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what you describe about.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open up the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all media --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Oxford Dictatorship is "standarding."
It just sounds very good.
And "standarding means "depresentive politics.
Although there was a primary editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A seating is the one that seeks a public charge without any matter, platform or principle, and that when you win, you get it for the best use of a refrigerator verbal monument.
I have no idea what reformers mean.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1777 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Crossing, who faced the Parliament of the Parliament.
They got him in the London Tower and they collapsed him, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase like "the "band so "Britter: "The Metropolitan "State?
Most people think it's literal.
It's not. It's by a freedom of freedom of expression.
But to show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, just after independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions could be fragiled.
Some of you wanted to call it "Jewish State "India," and others, "Your Alarch George Washington and other Defense Development Devil "The U.S. Washington People.
Not very attractive.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Red."
They thought it was a lot of truth.
And even with it were monarches, they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody is come immediately, because this debate was planted for three weeks.
I read a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "I still have this thing."
What caused the break and the way it was that the Republic House was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to become power.
They didn't want to call it King for if I gave him or his supermassive ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modern, more incentive and more remarkable title that happened to them.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title, there existed before, but it only meant somebody who owns a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravity than the term "computer or supermarket."
There were an event president of small colonial little collections and government, but it was really an instant title.
And that's why the Senate opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digital.
"And who will take a serious title with as ridiculous and insight as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't come down.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I have been able to find out, the Senate has never been forced by the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to stay there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can continue to wait 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads of device, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles are not profited and so on.
The reality and history have hit the degree of gravity.
So the end won the Seventh.
They got their responsibility title of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the significance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by the time.
But you know how many nations are now presidential?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Sevanned Senate and the House of Reputation lost, because no one is going to feel humble when you tell you they're now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the model reality is a lot more that the words than these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the road of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but most of all, that category of male and stones are standing with primitive tools.
Like others, I take a cheap light of light on the head with this anger in the head with this anger and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
He rescued my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining that I met days before, who lost the control and fell unclear feet in that well.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep from that hole running their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are pressure of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Peace Peace Common.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a profit of "Free the Sellers, an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this approach of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a new stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Derek of Fortune the Sellaston and offer my help.
I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, it would restore dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people who are enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the whole treat of transatlantic slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent to about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can be enslaving entire families by generations for average debt developers from 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat threat and can't escape.
The slavery operates in the commercial, the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are discovered.
slavery exists in almost everybody and yet, it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the brick furnaces in India.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Daniel.
So in fact, in a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a hot base of dust, and mechanically stacked bricks in their head, to 18 at the time, and take them from the heart furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
Despending for the monkey and the canary work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the destructive disorder would make it quite inconvenient.
So pennits were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run into the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to review it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the horizons I wanted to cry, but the computer I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "List, don't do it. Don't do it."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already gone.
I had to trust "Fortune the Sleepers and work within the system for his release and trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my desert heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles on mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than children who charge them and children hold them to their heads with homemade corners made of sticks and ropes and hardware.
It's hard to witness something so uncomfortable.
How can we influence something so instrumental, but so online?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying -- because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villages picked up their freedom, the slaves.
When we heard the word slavery we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was glad that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Katman I was struck by women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was brought by a few angiogenesis that were given to this dirty basement of submitting light.
It wasn't exactly a button.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restriction, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the self-assembly women with their girls and kids, some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single point is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse for their clients.
In the piece of fish, I remember feeling a serious acute fear and, at that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a staircase," the stairs where I walked in.
There were no back doors.
There were no windows big enough to receive.
Those people don't have space, and since we play such a difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sex slaves.
It's going on by the way, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate to with a slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the blue ones and the red, their children.
They mix ink in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the telescope is toxic.
My introduction told me their stories.
"We don't have freedom, they said.
We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Gando lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to run a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, makes sense right?
Erriologist. They were all scared.
Children are separated from their trafficked families, and they disappeared and forced to work on extinct works in these boat boats.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came out of it was sharing that his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling the water.
The branches of the tumor trees in the lake are often catching networks and children, failed and fear, are headed to water to unlock the branches.
Many of them are shaped.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee out, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, it often tries the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from one another.
On the cold night and a windy night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kohan.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a refugee where "Dear the Selection of Slave Really Help Redesigners.
Kofi symmetries possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving by a road in Ghana with partners from "Free the Sellaston: a fellow competitive with his motor suddenly accelerate and shocked our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it by a land of land to forest.
At the end of the road, he taught us to come out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this barely visible sea and said, "This is the path, this is the road. Go!
As we started down, we removed the superstars that blocked the road, and after walking about an hour about one hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the single way ended up an observer in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with scaled workers.
Many women had kids strapped to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in sending water with marketing.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pump in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were engaged in their own dream.
I remember looking at his eyes, inferriculturally, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they will manipulate the stone so that they can extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong men and powerful, but if we look closer, the margin we see to work at least lucky other ones and also children.
They're all victims of injury. diseases and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this muscles ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the sending of the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die your uncle, Manhattan desert the debt of the uncle that forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mine 14 years and the list of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be automated.
In addition to that, Manhattan has tuberculosis, and not just that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream about being released and educated with the help of local activists like "Free the Sellers, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, what inspires me so much.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give the testimony to them and we'll do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not records. They're from people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that happens that I don't think about these beautiful people, male people, that I have had the great honor to meet.
I hope that these images take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is a fire and that fire throws light on the slavery because, without that light, the beauty of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make applied math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we're like management consumption.
Nobody knows what the heck we do.
So I'm going to try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We were getting rid of the balls of the ballet and the class dancers -- we will see later.
But the ball demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial application that can well have a genetic component of it.
Unfortunately, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Street who, at his time, was a virtual dancer dance.
In the last few years, it's been a lot of progress in treatment.
However, there are six billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable definition, temperatures, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way that we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and certain metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis, and the best we have is a neurologic exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside of the clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could make the test themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a not conventional way to try and try it, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Street.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows somebody healthy as they speak sounds when they speak. We can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes needed. The Foxiella, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about time that takes a kid to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as Parkinson's affects embarrassments, it also affects vocal organs.
At the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of the extraordinary symbol of the vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice and device and regime.
The speech becomes more quiet and assigned after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, they're both not invisible.
The neurological test is not invisible. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Okay, but also based on the voice that's not specialized either.
I mean, they can be automated.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets so low cost, it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address it.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
It would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine check, right?
With high-speed monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do low cost contamination for clinical trials, and for the first time, factorial fishermen at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biofuels of disease before it is too late.
So when you give the first steps in that sense, we're launching the vocal Parkinson's Air.
Together to Dick and Patchie, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Any one with Parkinson's or without Parkinson's can be called the low price and leaving recordings by a few cents, and I am pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Machie, taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What will you take from these shows?
Max Lile: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease. TR: Of course.
MK: You see, some people can not pass it. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited confirmation factors for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have a 86 percent accuracy right now.
MR: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which is what the project is. Now we have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Nobel and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MR: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lile, public.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
Before March of 2011, I made photographic retrovirs in New York City.
We are price creatures, gray creatures.
We hid in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin thin models even more delicate, the perfect skin even more perfect and we do the impossible skin, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Voltards, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Ouring.
It's a small village village located in the predictable of the arm of about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took out rubble from channels and rocks.
We cleaned up schools. We take the sludge and leave the houses ready to be renovated and reformed.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, application, powerful of the local factory.
We got excited and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers and neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and tears of photos and cameras and Stephen cards.
They all did the same thing.
Get them up and bring them to different places of people around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered in.
As they were fleeing from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village evaluation.
He helped clean the community toilets, the huge, bad graphics.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the environment center collected the photos.
They took them up and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I transported myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the pictures, I found some that had over a hundred years -- some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that traits and repair that scratch and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive. I knew we had to try.
So we started retreating the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too expanded, but where the water had depressed the face of the girl had to run with a lot of precision and delight.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the broken picture.
Over the course of time, they came up with more photos, and they needed more reformed reformed researchers, so I entered Facebook and Linux and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
At the age of two weeks, I had 150 people desire to join up.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring town north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they took in telling them is a different story, depending on the rest of the photos.
I could make an hour. I could make weeks.
I could make months.
This minute had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged into salt water, bacteria, bacteria, even oil, all of it together with the step of the time continued to destroy them, which is why they clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take the picture unless it was clean, dry and it would have been released by its owner itself.
We had luck with the hand clean.
We count with the guidance of a remarkable neighbors.
It's very easy to harm even more pictures.
As a Wonderbating said, "Kinga, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
She had started to clean them up, but he stopped when he realized he was going even further.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild. We were able to put the images into a single photo and take the whole picture.
When he picked her pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of their husband found the pictures in a bomb station between the rubble very far away from where their house used to, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the charge of closing the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the symmetries were solving.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find his whole family and know that they all survived.
The day he gave her pictures her youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could remember from the past that he wouldn't have been mapped by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up with more than 135,000 photographs -- the vast majority of them came back to their owners of their own.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 hundred families completely restaurant and retreated.
During this time, we don't really spend more than 2,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take out, but the first thing we would look for.
So about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return somebody to connect to the past.
When a picture like this is going back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person that receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of retirements.
Some of them connected to something larger than that, to give up something, using their talent for something that is not modeled by perfect skin.
So I would end up reading this email. I sent it Chinese the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was retreating, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to small child, gathered around a baby, completely completely metaboled, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my newborn daughter, she hangs out of our wall.
In the whole world, in all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  clapping.
Doctor Egypt inspires us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photography, the photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rich, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenging the camera idea.
If you take a laser score and you turn it up and put it into a billion of a second, you have a number of settlements to create a packet of just one millimeter wide.
And that piece of photons, that bullet will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this piece of photons, and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow cameras.
Now, all this --   Remember that all of this is effectively happening in less than a nanometer is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't use this research --  -- a lot of things in this movie -- depending on this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our ball, comes into the bottle with a piece of photons that starts to turn them down, and inside, it starts to destroy.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started looking at these opening.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the top reflection of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the reflection is focus.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it take the same distance and see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring movie --  from a slow.
And how about how to test with dead nature?
You can see the waves that get out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, of a pharmaceutical at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato again, you'll realize that, as the light stands out of the tomato -- it goes bright -- it's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light is bouncing on its inner and it comes back after several trillion billions.
In the future, when this sharing is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is made without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As photographers -- you know, if we take a low picture, it comes into very little light.
But we'll go through a billion times faster than the shortest exposure -- so you just enter some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very astronaline synchronization, we took those gigabytes of data and we trained them completely to create those phenomenals that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a higher future would allow him to see after the rich?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Rebuiler, enter the room, a part will reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our shark.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we'll bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communicators.
And a small fraction of photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our sharely, our sharely, has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances up to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you project a laser you can record a little bit of a bird, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will bring them together and try to analyze the multiple light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what is around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build offices able to see the inside of the body supplying oceans, and the same thing for cartoons.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is pretty hard, so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about photographic as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of imagination in health of the next generation.
As Docto Egypt, he was a scientist, he turned the science into art, an art of plant photographs.
And I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
It will create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion billions.
But here is also something fun.
If you look at the waves underneath the map, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
And it turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects -- Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events in the world are sometimes involved in the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this decline.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Sofflier and make it famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a Chicago and living in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all these people together they protest for a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who is a cell phone here?
Get them.
Raise your mobile phone, you get them up.
Get them. An Android, a Blackadour, worth."
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how I changed life.
So I'll talk about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
Data in broke.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the Common Commission presented a direction.
The National Data Department.
This direction says that every European phone company, every Internet provider of all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who. Who sends an email to who.
Who sends him a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or his Internet provider.
And all around Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data set.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phones and the Internet providers to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberty, not fear.
And some of them even said that this would be the Stewart 2.0.
The Stage was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time that mobile completely?
So I asked my phone, December Teleson, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I was asked to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're planning my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Teleson said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they would send me the information that I ask.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the inconsistency for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly shot on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
It trains and five thousand origins of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little scale, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retrieval means.
So, next to Zeal Union and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and get away, go back and forth and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to Colombia, and what often I call the track.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this big network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate with each other at what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to whom, who sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stage had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stage had known who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And, in fact, neither one of the Earth's Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But authority and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value and it's not pass.
When you go home, you give it to your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time they use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for the authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDx, what happens?
I call me Mayama Zagarda, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have cerebral paralysis, that's why I'm afraid all the time.
Look at it.
It's a slavery meaning.
And Muhammad A.
Pie. C. It's not genetics.
It's not a contradiction or you can contract it.
Nobody checks the uterus of my mother and not control it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one I happened to be born.
Now, I'm going to warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they have wanted to be disabled.
We go from walk.
Christmas vessels, are you in the shopping center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P. C. is just one of them.
There was a flower of the optimism, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a paleontologist, Muslim, woman, disability and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you might do it.
I'm from Park Clinton, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives of it.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it; dancing facility."
If my three older sisters. I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were left to the school system, and they made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't take all of the most notes, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years old in my feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I would pursue it.
The spring that I carry in was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a blog camp that has received a lot of guidelines.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs now, and they continue to be all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italians.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to use "Off Muslim as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of a hunger die during the range.
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I will help the dawn when I was delivering is very easy.
Paul plays in Broadway, Bay.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford the physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with the heel.
I'm from New Jersey, and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used taxes, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Maday.
In the summer vacation of often, my father was trying to send me, so I drink milk milk, they put me out of the back, I plunged on the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Well, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a supply comedian that I couldn't stand up with a foot "the "there -- "It's a standard shop.
And now I can stand in my head.
My parents reinforce this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital television.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I was in all the works.
It was like the mass department of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I went out the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers cried.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming the four winds, "In the end of the fourth winds?
I have cerebral paralysis.
At the end of the free."
Thanks to God strong, I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Sherk Brown.
I went to increase running down to the director of the theater department, crying, historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- neither can the character.
It was a role for which I had literally been born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I went home, I went home, and my first active tour was like a television in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be a carrying of computer to better crazy friend in a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see it more than the nicheluary, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire the grassroots actors, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Wowled Goldberg -- Roo Barry, Ell, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comfortable.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour I took New York City comic comics to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I realized that I was going to high speed by the New Jersey freeway, with a driver that had cerebral paralysis.
I worked in clubs around the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without version.
Some people say I'm the first model of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the February comedy Festival in New York City in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Arab in the media and at once remind the repair directors that South America and Arabic are not synthesize.
To integrate Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program in the back with Keith Olympic.
I walked into a graduate dance, and they dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Oh, four, four, three, two.
And we were alive.
So I would cling to the desk desk to not go around the screen during the search, and when I finished the interview, I was painted.
At the end I had my opportunity and the shelter -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Olympic came back to me, but I was kind of like a full time and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are school.
The kids are crusting, but they never got fun of me or a girl or a child.
All of a sudden, my Internet disability became a business object.
I saw clips online with comments like, "Why did it stand?
"Is it removed?
And my favorite, "Poor terrorist button.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for her."
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my curve: guide, dining computer, particular.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beijing can't make someone in the wheelchair of wheels.
Discovered are the -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
The disabled are the largest minority in the world, and the most represented in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, if I grew up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet by the sand of the TV seats and the Briber Lord Armed.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and work with my gift, the amazing Dave Mattering.
The world recorded "Arestrians have become crazy."
I was delighted by a great state of New Jersey in the U.K.
And I founded "The Children of Mass: a benign organization to give the Palestinian refugee kids a huge part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act live, and he gave him this talk to her memory.
"Password in peace, "Dad."
I call me Mayama Zagar, and if I can, you can also can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a little boy of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a little town to South Somalia.
This village is near McCato.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the invitation.
Nothing for him there, goes to the great city, in this case, Mozambique, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no job, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of McCato.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day you get a gentleman who offers him to love him and then dinner, to destroy.
He knows a group of people who give him a description.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to their family.
They present to a young.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in McCair, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb.
That little boy of that small village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little village in a small town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him increasing?
He was waiting for.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call "the waiting period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the carries, the urban young urban young young people who will trigger riots in Johannes, they will trigger riots in London, they look for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of waiting journalism, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the landscapes, will be the story of the cities.
And in my city of birth, McCato, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, don't go to school.
They do virtually nothing.
I went back to Mobile last month, and I went to visit the Madagascar hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in front of that hospital and thinking about it, and if I never had a leave?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of waiting?
Would it have become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in McCato that month was actually to advance some juvenile leaders in a business puzzle.
He went to about 90 solar leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mobile, he graduated.
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate college -- unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shaman and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
Adam saw an opportunity and approached it.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started eliminating molecules to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this different story do?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against waiting "percent."
It makes young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohammed Mozart, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people at the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came out, if you wanted flowers for your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fragile flowers?
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be: Never.
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a flower company and a floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of McCato, and he started growing tuberculosis and lights, which he said, could survive the hard climate of Mobile.
And it started the delivery of flowers for bottles, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Mozart in 22 years.
There are no public parks in McCato.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, they can go together, and as he says, she will smell the proverbial faces.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is inspired to the young people, and in that room, the Monterey presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGOs, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
They encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs that could be a cartoon of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They introduced business solutions for local problems.
So, inspiring young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas happen.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support they need to move from the conception to the creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park, this is how he calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
Adai hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of waiting "percent."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than automatically automatically and "percent of "the Peace of Edited."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Mountain mountains, an Arab area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest was continued.
The sun made the leaves would shine like a virtual, and not to be the way that we left, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to run that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a cover in a tour with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something awful.
Behind the cover there was a trash of about four square meters with apple hearts of political paper balls and old caled paper.
And I was announced, I was very angry, and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get what they had brought in, who thought he was going to clean their gas?
That question was followed with me, and it just simplified a little bit.
Who clean our gas?
No matter how they organize or where the "Our "State places: who clean our trash in Study?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris, or in London.
Here in New York, the Sandy Department of the Hall is the camp of 11,000 tons of despairs and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel like and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interview.
I needed to get closer to me.
So I started working as a trash collection.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks. I drive.
And I operated the mechanical scans and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as president as you believe, and in the days it's very strong you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to use the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept attending the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Orchieving States office, the waste collection is one of the most dangerous oppositions in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to stop, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about how implanted the garbage is.
When you go out of the room, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stopped coming from.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I feel strongly that waste collections are the most important work of the streets in the city, for three reasons.
It's the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective forms every day, this starts to destroy your content and your infectious dangers threaten us in very real forms.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to give us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new one so that the engines of the economy begin to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just point your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average daily speed necessary.
And I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about ourselves, and we cleaned up, we cleaned up or take us our coffee cup -- our battle of the markets, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a force of work on the other side that will come from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the reconstruction of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and engage them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost a biological.
They're in the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to make our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that they keep us left from ourselves from our own despairs, our deserts, and that flow always needs to stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the gravity of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs running down, and there was a man doing her paper recycled journey as he did all the miracles.
And I tried to thank you for doing their work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just sat down, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that I started researching the waste collection and I went back to see that man.
It's called Pale, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and keep in mind all the costs, even the very real human cost in the labor of labor.
The municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about garbage -- they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see somebody whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, and you take a moment to acknowledge it.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia, Addis Abuma.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out correct."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to resist.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals is generating heat in the interior, so you need a lot of cooling cool.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a testament to make a place so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really engaged with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small vents.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by looking at the site, which is located in a much growing area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was create a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this is extended with an incomplete atrium, which creates a space to the free air in the building that is active, by its own way, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a parachute of anthropologist to allow the input of the air, and also in light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of etchinest states.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little precise pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely completely used in the inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we ask.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the day, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy evolution for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these bumps on the roof, which are in together gathering water for the sanitation of the inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to do a very big project, the biggest project I have designed, needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and it modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of cells, the small cell in the project like the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medical climate of the medical?
And it's Northeast, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for the pedestrians of the peaks.
And it also responds to local norms that create a greater density in higher levels and lower density in the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reinforcing the community that is occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, can go up and socialize, and do activities such as running a two-hour race in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was as remarkable as all the new girls.
I had big amounts of very bright hair and a small piece of pencils -- long. It was super-ended for state capitals -- very good for organization.
I ended up that year, and I was full of hair, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the school output -- I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared out, I went out in the classroom, I took from my teacher the book of grades.
And then, I did.
So the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just a few of them.
All the time.  And I would go back to the book, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a front, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the lines from D and myself a row of it, just to be there, because I could.
I still wonder what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came out.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was absolutely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small it was so good for marketing.
I'm intrigued by the celes.
They're so mysterious and so painting.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, primates, blue birds are very propertical.
We know that cells are the number one cause of satellites in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory that the cells are studying in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no hairs -- there would be no literature.
Because there would be no Helen the infinity, no opening.
There would be no kind of hair, nor "The thousand and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the high school reading lists, because we would be losing "The North and France, there would be no "Arabia or "State? We would lose "Martin Bonica and "At Kish King."
No clocks, no Project. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the cells, almost they have it.
This year, 100 years of his masterpiece, in pursuit of the loss time, the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the sensitive details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think about a humiliated magic in your landing.
We forget about how hard that image is.
We forget how impressive it is.
I mean, it was books that Virginia World said they were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the cat student, but we assume it's surgeon.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the hairs and the skins and Professor.
Will it be very obvious as the cells, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their impressions, are a good some solid basis?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being at the time and the audience, we know exactly what details will be, to sell the knife. Right?
The hairs make us all advanced novelty, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that St. detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Sam and Proust -- they were notoriously keys.
You know, Proust boards would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break up with it.
But you don't have to be so strike to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The hairs are amazing.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the skins like?
The hairs come out of information.
The hairs use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small skills of limits.
The hairs are nutritional from the photos.
This is why Instagram is so successful.  So I promised the language of the academic language with the cell phones.
When Saman is in his cell agent, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribe to the servers of his lover, then he defined those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is preparation, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monkey."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Proust is trying to prove that the cells are interesting and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're search of knowledge, search of truth, a painful truth. In fact, to what Proust considers, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humility, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Prosecute.
He says, "A woman who needs us, that makes us suffer, causes us a much deeper range of feelings and vital than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women?
No, I think it's trying to say that the cells disclose us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights.
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such a peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very naive young man who used to be consumed with the idea that his woman was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing information behaviors.
Or does it smile too much, or do you accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the curator of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells are doing to look at intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more interesting we are, the more we become the residents of the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, cells lead us to do violent or illegal act.
Selections drive us to behave in totally inanimate ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman of Michigan of 52 years was captured by creating a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent up from flying messages for himself for a year.
For a year. A whole year.
She was trying to engage the new girlfriend of his former benefit -- I have to confess that when or this, they react to admiration.
Because we are realistic.
What big, though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a novel of Patricia High.
High is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "Extremal in a train and "The Taliban Mr. Liberia, books that are about how the jealousy, trust our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Let's take Tom Role, his most famous character.
Tom Russian is going to want or want to want what you have to get away from your own self and put yourself out of what you once had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, takes your rings, empty your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Rule route.
I can't give you all the rest of the world, as much as I would like to.
It's a little log, because we live in times of envy.
We live in tissues of jealousy.
That is, we're good citizens from social media, where is the money the sends? Right?
The novels show us the rise? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 248 of Baker Street and ask for Sharolen Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, they think about the curse in the Mars Moreland, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred in the "Prison Apple Raiser chief head of rate of Solid Arada who needs Hollywood desperately to need Hollywood, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
And restort needs its help, but the rest of it, and bubble with bitterness, on each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something begins to change, and finally in "The Avenue of the Six National The Six Nations: once Hollywood comes in, it demonstrates everyone with its solution, Lesterland comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not cleaned, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there is no person at Solotan Arada who would not want to shake her hand.
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood in history. I think this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious -- right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a morning Hollywood is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the restaurant.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to relate to the emotion of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the management plans.
So as we hope that that happens, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the fiction.
The fiction used to be done, you invite them to the table.
And look at what you see: the Stick Stick, the terrifying Tom Role, the mad, the same Martin Project.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of Apollo 11 and discovered about the Trampile Sea.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence in the surface gray was the culmination of a convincing collective process.
The Apollo program.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo One.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Do they walk on their surface, which Alexander after the Army death was last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't get a lot of them a lot of them, 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 would make later -- a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some wonder, why is the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why is it climbing the highest mountain mountain?
35 years ago, why will I fly over the Atlantic.
Why does it play Rio against Texas.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason PowerPoint: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a vision of the West on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the ones that are going to be wonderful to the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a long context of a long technology list.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half the century, politicians were eradicated and elected the smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Toler in 1970 called "able "the "collective "forest."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing ship -- but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the joyful optimism of the power of technology has been expanded by seeing that problems that we imagine like going to Mars, creating a clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seems to be interconnected.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he doesn't look at the escape tube called the rocket Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that of something that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems as if technology had been distracted and have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales of it.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you think you've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that are funded in Intel and Microsoft and Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer to entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their long point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CDC has always had problems to invest in technology in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term -- they've never invested in developing technology development to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than doing on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption is coming from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biologist. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carbon and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biologist.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists, the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treaties are going to engage the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there's no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technology -- not to be.
We know for a time that famine is a result of failure in food repair for food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect carefully the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terribly resistant treatments to treatment, and only over the last 10 years appear to have found effective and viable treatments in the last 10 years.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have -- but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population need to want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution -- it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, except with those criteria.
But it's a reducing model in the future.
We're not in 1966.
There is no gay competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who deserves the hard and the dangerous thing, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't need challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by giving you the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a climbed: there's been a great decline of trust, is a very widespread belief.
The second is an objective: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the climber, the goal and the task have been bad interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a climbe, an objective and a task that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, the climate: why do people think that trust has demonstrated?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I would encourage me to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who are discovered about 20 years ago, mainly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disaster.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago is still quite confident: games, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this enough?
What the opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you recover?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Do you trust politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the vertical?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You probably start to say, "To do what?"
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, trust some, but in other not."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to play trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of officer. It works or kind of person, it's going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I rely on a certain primary teacher that I know to give the lesson class, but in no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good infectious judgment by trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would do.
I would have been able to have more confidence in what is measured of trust, but not what it is.
In fact, I'm a chance to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were saving their savings with the very properly named Mr. Mached -- who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Confident definition or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think to be able to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competitive in the personal matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, by contrast, they're not responsible. We couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they are forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have many friends that are consistent and responsible but extremely destroyed.
If you look like this, I haven't been perceived.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
The trust is the answer.
Configuration is what we need to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to try to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a deck and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the park in it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure conflict and conflict testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What you do is you can discuss the work of people who have to make difficult tasks like the strands, demanding them that they make the caps, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, all of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and transfer to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or policies are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes that are not done properly.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task rebuild the trust, and it puts things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust in define is distinctive, because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough basis so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't make it, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to have a federal evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, does the common people, the officials -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says that I can give them back and give them explanations.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think what we're pointing is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginnings of computers, we've been working on reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be displaced.
This separation has become reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to all.
But I ask myself, and if there were no barriers there?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the opposite open against the screen carries its physical body to pen pen.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers apart.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get into the inner and interact with digital information using all the destruction of your hands?
In the division of Science Apple Sciences, along with my mentor Cape Bollywood, he was reading the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of the 3D space, and grab directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as holding a book from a standard.
You can take the book up and to highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
And surely, many of us will have bought and return things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual program on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mountain device in your head or transparent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Isaba and my collaborator Rest Post, we created this only physical point.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D population in space, which means that both computer and users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplificialing, what we did was we antided the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors and detectors and detectors.
And by digitally programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach photographers physically, and in the distance, and the famous shots of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitoring or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but start to act directly on us as part of the physical world that surrounds us that we have to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Husband, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses with all expenses with it.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a hot path toward happiness, a safe and safe job.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer of it.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
An opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the accidents, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I had been wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults would take the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were supporting me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was already too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
Tomato, that for the rest of my life a happiness of second class was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another break.
Anyone around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It goes to the books.
"Okay." The Commons of Samantha Hall "Choir "Come on Chandon "Come to America in 1995, and what was the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese wildlife life.
And it's not propaganda. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment to me was a revenue, "Honor your father and your mother."
"Honorena, I said, "It's so different, and much better than the objective."
So it became my tool to come out of this confusion crash and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
I had a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassionate reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are all fields of research as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compared and contract, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books.
You can treat the people from Wall Francisco from Walter Arabic "January Adamstork who were involved in a same way, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, politics and spiritual people.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological and slightly, fear and social duty. Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Cameron Time The Train The Time The The Train of The Talk Right instead of standing in the translation found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means "about "about "about "about "about "about "about "about "about "about "a fast "fair."
And "non-seasonal in Chinese, literally means "New mother?
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it's not going to feel like I was not going to feel like ever.
Having a destructive dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
So even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So, books always catch them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychopath client of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley in Beijing.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked into the first session using sales and a hole state, and he threw in the couch of my office took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so lighting.
My classmates had a primate as first client.
And I had a window that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the beautiful stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we took the solution.
"The Tree is the new sensors, said Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start to work later, you start to work later, you have children later, even death happens later.
For windows like Alex and I had a time to go.
But soon after, my surface press me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, he's coming out with guys under his category, he stands up with a hollow head, but it's not like he was going to marry him."
And then my supernova said, "No no, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it gets happened."
This is what psychologists call a "Ahhi Mook."
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new ones.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for careers and the families and the future windows everywhere.
There are 50 million windows in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one comes to adulthood.
You raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with penguins, you love a window, you take the dream out of a window, I want to see. It's okay. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments, "Aham, that give your life to life when you have 30 and so on.
People from over 40 are not trained in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that over half the Americans are married, or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its 20s and progress for adults, which means if there is something that they want to change themselves, now it's the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility gets to its endgame at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening.
newspapers talk about changes at the time line.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists get ridiculed names to the windows like "Turdly and "Pierres."
It's true.
As culture, we've considered a privacy that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you pat a window in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, sentences like you or your children and daughters like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count -- I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says as you start a career before the 1930s, everything will be okay."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are about to end and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day than I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game game.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music came out, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stand up, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30."
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains and so many of you start a career to choose a city, choose a city, and have two or three children in a much smaller period of time.
Many of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that starts to show you, which is much more difficult and a stressful thing to do all of one time at 30.
The medical crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Let me tell you you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give him a brother to your son.
A lot of tears and sleeps look themselves, and I sit in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was he doing? What was he thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a month.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend, I showed you more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
It was often cried in our sessions. But then she lifted herself to say, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma came up his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new freedom for director, and it had spent every morning filling it with her many contacts. But then he was looking at the empty space that followed after the words -- "In case of emergency -- please call me ...
I was at the point of the story when he looked at me and said, "Who will be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care if it gives me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decision decade of Emma was going on.
So, for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the windows, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma who would forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that add value to your person.
It will be an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interface, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not doing the experimental exploration, I'm tracking the exploration that should not count, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I would make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to bring them to the airport, but the windows that are together with friends with similar minds limit in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always comes from the outside of its closest circle.
The new things come from what are called weak links of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the windows have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half not, and the weak links are the way to collaborate this group.
Half of the working jobs never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a work not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
For last but not least, Emma thinks you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a window, Emma soon chose his family, when he has a partner and his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better to sit head than the 20 or even the 25th and I agree with you.
But pick up the person you live now or you are busy now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you're at work.
Choice your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it will work or kill time with whom you can get them to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked on an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a work there.
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with which he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized of events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously constantly.
She loves his new career, she loves his new family, and he sends me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The windows are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which come somewhere in the West.
Just before the launch, a slight fits in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or First.
In the same way, at 21 or at the age of 21, a good conversation, a good description, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the windows that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling people like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, they claim their adult, they get identity capital -- they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't have to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management for a work that was even more extensive: document.
I went to show you mathematics at seventh degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I calculated grades.
What I was called the attention was that the IQ was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no countries of CO2 companies.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in second grade, sure, are difficult, proportions, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of document, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in a better way.
But what if I succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium West Point Academy.
We tried to predict what they would stay in the military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Contemplate of Delpos, and we tried to predict what kids will move most away from the competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering what of these marketers are going to keep their job of work?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of these very different contexts, a characteristic of the success of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the C.
It was determination.
Definition is passion and perseverance.
Definition is to have resistance.
Definition is clinging to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
Definition is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then wait about more than a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate them, even when they put them on every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Content of Delpos in which the determination matters. It's also at school, especially for the kids at risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know, how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid job ethic.
How do I keep them motivated for the long time?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that are simply not following with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the default determination is not related or it's even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality.
This is an idea developed at Stanford Dutch by Carol David, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed.
Dr. David has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to prevent when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop decline.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of us.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start everything again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculator, one of my most busy memories is my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extraction, it seems as interesting as the Great Wall Murala.
Over the last few years, I've been wondering if I can draw this wall, so that whoever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the bits of every single car in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of basic literature -- enough to read transit signals, mental seats, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a frequent way, "I am pregnant -- this symbol is actually original in the form of call, but I like to believe that it's the other way -- which makes them work.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple doors from a sand in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walk back, that's following."
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are multiply.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was the large.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the fishing.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a digital double-by-fours."  Easy to remember -- because a paralyzed tree is pretty money.
Remember the fire.
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning up.
For us, sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, property.
Three together, those are flowers.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brilliant.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes up on the horizon. Hell.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Tockhology, played someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scaling, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing themselves.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already spent for almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight residents will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters build another 32.
So with every little effort, they will be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same as a eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So one sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese entrepreneurs were treating their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, exile has become coming out.
A mouth tells you where to go out is a output.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I come to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw Oz of Oz together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand in.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we create our children in a kind of industrial complex spectrum of child fantasy.
However, Oz is an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with them, interestingly, another film whose protests, a metal boy and a milestored kid rescued a young girl as a guide of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in Okay magic.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today, the magician would say, Dorea, you're the salt of Oz as the professor predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated military military military.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing in Oz is that the most heroic characters and wise and even village are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the supply level had gone down.  And so he woke up in the room and she was impressed as a mom leg with his patents behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but inevitably, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what I perceive for.
Would you be worth themes and personalization and letter?
Would it have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the 1930 magic of Okay.
How do I win Dorothy his movie?
By making good microses with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow in, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little the path of yellow ladies?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this encouragement.
I know for experience that Prince Leib doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that's minimal.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really hoped that credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has done, I have government.
Why do they stay there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the village and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you've got to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job in teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Heroes and Kateshies, but they don't stop being a war movies.
Of course, the most successful theme of all time continues to show up in classic after classic -- every one of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who created a girl.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when Valley came from?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess of it.
It's very good. Don't let that stop you."
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beckota test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not done roots and already spread up, but maybe we will start a movement.
Alexis Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle of the 1980s, he recorded a conversation that had had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done: in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie.
So their conversations are about something more apart from the boy they like so much?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the cinema we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality, Art.
Right? Office of Oxford, shelter success, a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie movie.
Virtually it doesn't happen the Beckot test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the regimes.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to put a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protections?
Once. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women who have recently chosen for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a greater number that is going to decode this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says he's been sexually assaulted once in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music or pornography videos are closely linked but something wrong and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual agreements.
Who are those guys? What are you learning for?
What do you have to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our device as a to take power, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, can you turn it out if at the same time, active or passively -- are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of medicine is radically changing.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role that you care about from the home and the abundance.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of "Star Wars was -- know what I responded to?
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Glenn.
What are these two things in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that they know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, and he sees and struggle only and more stories where he looked at his job to join a team, maybe a team led by women, to help other people to improve and become better people, like OK.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was to look for sea cookies in the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I would see my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles away from the Ninetem.
And my sea cookies.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do differently.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared infrared infrastructure.
This is a place that is located in the eastern ice of Egypt called Beneven.
And the place, in a simple view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright rock.
What you're seeing are the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Thatie, lost for thousands of years.
Thail was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fath, Egypt, and it's really important because at the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Isaac was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plant of average.
This area is enormous, it measures about six percent per mile away.
Before, the Nile flew right next to Isaaco, and as he changed over time, he moved into this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a whole city in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent to looking for a needle in a haystack with the eyes that are sold and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball gloves and using baseball.
So we use NASA toxic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the title is coming from.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of Thatness.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the shows of sample, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of local, we found a dense layer of ceremony objects.
This means that in this possible location of Thatim, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Thatness.
We also found work jobs, comfortable, quartz and catastrophe, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem to be not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Islam here, but we'll go back to the place in a nearby future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably was written in That's Talk 4,000 years ago.
Now, sharing knowledge is most of the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 Dr. C.
It makes ideas happen really started in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found out from high.
It certainly puts the search for marine containers in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's made.
Now they visualize a group of obese nuts in bicycle.
They're competing in a nuclear nuclear career and they go in direction to their entry door.
I need you to look at this true.
They're striking strong, they're sweating, they go a lot.
And you collide from front of your house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that pass on their side, range of wheels that end up in absolute places -- pass the threshold of the door.
On the lobby, the password, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, and you look at the Mola Monterey Monterey.
It's helping them with the hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball by making them conservative in the nose.
You can smell the oats. And you're going to get on the mouth.
Go on one side and go into your living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of its imagination, imagine Britney Springs.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing "Hi Baby A More Miller Time."
Now follow me to the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a range of yellow brick and from the oven, comes to you, Doran, the Mother of Norwegian, the Spanish and the Oh Magazine Leader, shelted in the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Campaign "Man."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of the order of a orange barrier.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be a phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Code who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
And I said, "Okay, when you realized you were a knet?
Ed said, "I am not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who participate from this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow. How did I not have heard of this before?
We were standing outside the competition, and Ed who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit of a strange, he said, Joshua, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Sangs?
And I said, "What? No, why?
Because I would like to show Britney Springs how to memorize the order in a live nano-stage deck in national TV.
That would prove to the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
Or do you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me.
And I ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called English.
He's a temperature, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pete. He was based on the paper of Dustin Homolic in the film "Rang Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books, was centered.
And by coming back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctic and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and growing wasn't a thing as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've been culturally changed, and I would say that they have also changed a lot.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of trained memory, discipline and growing is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so simple, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the College College of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it going to be brain in some way, structural or analytical different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they shared them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow condoms. They found that in memory camps are lit in the brain of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The competition of competitive memory is driven as a armed career where each year appears with somebody with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors must be put a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 waste of messy names that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 425,000 random binary diagrams.
In half a hour. Yes.
And as there is a huge amount of ways to remember things in these competition, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call electromagnetic code.
It was illustrated with a elegant paradox known as the Park Parkinson: "Battle says this: I tell two people who remember the same word. You remember that there's a man named Back."
That's his status.
And then I ask them, remember there's a "Battle bank."
And when I returned later, I ask them, "Do you remember that word I told you a way?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Bageland is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told for his job is bacteria."
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Bakou, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Battly." We know paradigm.
They use white hats.
They have home in their hands.
You smell good when you go home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting aside seed stations in order to filter them very easily.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in ancient Greece.
It's known as the metaphor of memory."
The story says like this: There was a poet called Symmets who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring into a D.C. -- it was hired to a poet to it.
He stood up on foot, I got his memory poem and she got up, and so soon he was like, the bank is collapsed out.
Give them all.
But not only killed them all, but it destroyed the bodies leaving them inhabiting.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survival, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes in your mind, I could see where every invited invited up.
He took the families in the hand to take them where their loved ones were loved between the rubble.
What Simon hit at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively -- and that is that no matter whether we are not good to remember names or telephone numbers or instructions of the word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and space experiments.
If I ask you to receive the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Symmets, it's very likely to do it very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse screen in their lobby, they would be able to live it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more crazy and the more crazy and staggering and stick is the image, more self-summer to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first treaties of memory, in Latin, tang.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory, in the same way you had done Lincoln if you'd invited it to TEDGlobal 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And I would figure out some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and underlying to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely institutional competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you can see the Mountain of the Gates mounted over Mister E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Code.
And then you would see Britney Springs to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not word for words, that will confuse them but typical by typical percent.
In fact, the term thing: "Computer team: It comes from the Greek Grand," which means place."
It's a vessel of when people thought about origami and rectangle with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "in the first place, it would be like the first place in its memory.
I saw this was just fascinating. And I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something great about this substantial memory subculture of memory.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a politically boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on by taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massively massively.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in its place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school ad bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I would never expect it to be.
It was entertained, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is really about doing is better to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, commons, productive, institutional, absurd and unsustainable images, in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard team training for memory competition.
It's a couple of orange grasses, and a lot of security glasses covered with just two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could come in, in a kind of participatory psychiatric experiment.
I thought this could be a good job for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the component, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, but it's actually not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palates or memorize names of names, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate gift -- but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of them not walking around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorials.
And if there is something I want to leave you with today, that's what English -- the theme I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our current struggle in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to being human versus us, who walk on our side. Are we so hole that we don't even bother in protecting deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remember remembering it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No, Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lincoln, and this was my child bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony.
And there all of you were looking at the time looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, you all see me, and every time I went back and back in a towel. You all see me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward and insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or the advantage of zones, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we use.
And it's not surprising that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize that.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it ends) They think about power, stability and democracy.
And I know that you think about it in a building built in a building built about 2,500 years ago.
This is a trick.
It's a trigger that uses architects to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
People who build the urban and the governments and the governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing -- columns -- red brick -- that let me try what Lincoln tries to communicate with this building, the kids, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we used the media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So, how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the piece.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for today's life forms today.
We drive, we push and push so much that we get completely from people.
All of the black, this depresses us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead in because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and come back to connect with those similar symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we start to experience again, we make it directly the pain of back forward, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the brain called brain.
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can guess.
Small windows on a three-dimensional scale.
Something really hard.
So we came up at the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the play back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and update them.
We added and we add cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't take any open.
We took Chaptical cards and turn them into skyscrapers that can be media made of glass.
The shapes were made, they won in hearing and colorful collapses.
The singles became columns.
The stories grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
You can possibly have a bread of bread.
This is what happens to posters.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tomenes.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the play again in the other direction.
In the '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic.
We discovered historical symbols, now we have new design techniques that are used by computer, and we find new composition -- some ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and marketing, and it's super popular. One is totally excluded.
Normally the dark leg again in the opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Gulf of Bilbao from Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldfin said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public in general, were completely agree about a building.
The New York Times gave this miracle of miracles.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical forms, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media became recorded around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennia.
I went to Zalai and Liberian, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to pass with all the architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation wakes up, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, in TV, and at the end, we're all architecture photographers and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings before knowing if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
Brickles were not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were determined.
That will never happen. I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ants, the steel or the elevator and the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the drug to the media, it starts increasingly fast, until you get to both extremes almost in simultaneously, and you actually figure out the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
We can now make symbols almost instantly, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was bored.
This is the center of a village called Pinks in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly like the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes contradiction with the collective memory, and by taking these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those Lindanis libraries.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's mutants.
Mutines that can lead to the mayor of Linda, people in Lincoln, and tell them that there's no unique response to what it can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use gratification and complicated words, and one is no longer a desperate audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let the architecture.
That means that the darkness of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the architecture story, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevent can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking team in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York City, and to raise half a million dollars from the community attached around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of renaiss, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we built, what it matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, put it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape the smallest spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stephen.
I just turned out a year and started walking.
And it does this great way, typical of the children of a year, shaking, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection of his reflection.
He's laughing and child, and he gives himself these big and missile kiss.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When do I just do this?
How is it that we suddenly are not comfortable with our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, "Am I a fat?
This is Facebook, it's 13 years old and living in Dennet.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the way that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
And what his mom tells him is what his mom tells him and what his friends, or colleagues of the school say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, put it into YouTube, and ask others to please leave a team, "Am I nice or failure?
Well, so far, F has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so desperate, I don't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing video like this, most teenage girls trying to communicate like this.
But what is it going to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, shell, saying, "I like like, competing, sharing -- this is never over.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so many young people.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, of being always connected, is leaving our children to advertise based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most uplifting thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are collected from the news of the girls now.
Strange models continue to dominate our courses.
The technique technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Atlanta, Shakespeare, spinal and superhero.
For those of you who know it, super-endeavor means profit.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are shared.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superhero stars of sports and the restaurant singers are.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our kids to grow healthy and they're very balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other ways start to suffer to suffering.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contents to society and at the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, they avoid engaging in the classroom arguments, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical approach.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough enough, especially if you don't think you're cold enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your fellow people who don't worry about it about appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what these young people actually weigh in.
So, in order to be clear, we're talking about how you look at you, not how you are true.
The low self-esteem on your body is debating the academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Teenagers with a little bit of self-esteem do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, participating in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all about what they make more risky decisions, such as alcohol consumption and drug drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and unprecedented damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing health care system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe that they have a surplus again, regardless of whether they have or they have no higher application rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
Liberation this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs, without realizing the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are set points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental -- but facing this problem requires each of us to take the rings in the issue and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
It's challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to talk about the performance of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or the size of their chest, or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not because they look like.
We can all start by using responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you kissing a mirror beat?
In short, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion it.
We need to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they think they are never trying to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do they have in mind?
Is it work?
How about your sister.
Is it your daughter.
Is it airplane? To his friend?
Could it just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if he was released from that self-destructive voice in his interior, he gives him a little bit of a long legs, mosquito monsters, a more flat, feet of small?
What would it mean for her if we were putting this out and we would say rid of their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is driving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small flows of a year today, they become safe agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of November 10, a gentleman named Spring New Steven was entering a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Peter Katrina, the leader of the Judge Department League Leader.
They initially declared it innocent -- but being presented by other minor charges, in the company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 New York Constituses, including tunnels and synagogue, and the United Nations.
Luckily, those plans.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center couldn't avoid it.
And then they would have been convicted by his participation in that standard.
Stevitz New York is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, a primary school teacher, between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Islam that very few, including most Muslims come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact -- don't require a lot to get to wish the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so deeply clinging to their convictions that think that you have to use all the media possible to all live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained to me that in the last few weekends, he and some friends, they had been going to train train in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the portrait of the Carrol Carrool who, without knowing our group, was selected by the FBI.
When I got to throw out, my father helped me hold the rifle. And he explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot to the little orange light on the target and to surprise everything, especially me, all the goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, said "I was "Abando."
Of such a parent, such a son.
And all of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but just a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load to 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and run to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mammal: which means you.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood wasn't allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started to feel comfortable near somebody already was time to participate and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was magazine victims.
I was looking at my identity to avoid the white one, but it will be the new of the class, silent and registered, was enough mutation.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it somehow -- to grow up under fans, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could your eyes open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a previous program where I participated at the juvenile National Congo, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of almost all my life, was something that I felt much passion.
The members of this group came from various processes.
One day, towards the end of the conversation, I discovered that one of the kids who had made friendship was a judge.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and realized that there was no analog between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and I frankly felt very proud of being able to sell the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was unable.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work in Bush, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuals was a sin and for extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accepted by a kid, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat a kind, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be homogeneous, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then the Dalai Show came.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest to my interactivity, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a time when I was desperately getting it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would spend in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough decomposing and said, "I'm tired of hatred."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred on your inside.
My real name is not Zalai Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody -- some day, who is trying to take violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this violent and incredible ideology I didn't get to me.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, by the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about those acts without sense, as a rejection to the actions of my father.
With this simple I'm exposed to me here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in your mind.
It's an incredible multi-dimensional movie.
It's 3D in 3D, and it has super-conflict sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has a army, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it constantly has a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experienced all in directly.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a own consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films, right?
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the inner movie, right?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
The science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology was studying the behavior, the neuroscience studied the beautiful brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
And even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvee said, "Now it's the moment so that science deals with consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion of the scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas did a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of corruption.
It's not an explanation science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they are correlated.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there an international internal film?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embrace, like humors, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical substrates are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embrace works, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, they adapt and they metabolize living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could apply the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walked, how we talk about, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the location, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't actually have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of self-assembly that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a wonderful chain of explanations, great. We use this -- physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme here.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the brain behaviors -- and so you study everything you need explanation needs.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductional consciousness based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
At the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental laws, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, you consider fundamentalists, and you build the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is long.
In the 19th century, Malf discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental predictions in terms of fundamental presentations, space, time, news, Newton's Laws -- then put the basic laws of electrochemists, and put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern with.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas of ideas -- space, time, mass market, then for a matter of logic, you have to speed up the list.
The most natural thing would be positive as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It opens up the path to scientifically manage it.
So what we need to do is study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass -- physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we can break them into a break.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision is sometimes called parallels, "Pani for everyone, "painting by mind, every system is conscious, not just humans, the mothers, the flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are intelligent or think.
It's not that a photo can be full of anxiety when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rocks."
No, so not.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have a raw feeling element, subjective sense, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would someone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
And it's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
One more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking about the physical process, is linked to consciousness with information.
Whenever there is processing information, there's consciousness.
complicated information processing as a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Giussani Taniele, I took this kind of theory and developed it repeatedly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called fish, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information of information, a high degree of film, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration -- just as significant as a pretty important amount of consciousness degree.
But when you get to the worms -- microbes, particles -- the degree of the film.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tunisian theory, there's still a different level of zero consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of fish, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is, participation can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire fire come from?
From the passionate view, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as kind of an additive species.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the passionate vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have a fairly serious social consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be a vegetable.
If you're a password and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think thinking about it well, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie "Harvest?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzing information, she has a complicated information processing -- so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you get very serious ethical problems about the ethics of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of catching them.
Finally, you can ask the awareness of full collective collectives, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole group of TED, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this passionate vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one that is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and we love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally find it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to do a community prize for a community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't gotten any one."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's fish, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Burbeans The Valley and Darwin Creator."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement, if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being at the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melania, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when do you get your speech?
I said, "What's discussing?
Well, I had been talking to you about the data law for some good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?
Typically, in the acts of acts."
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we are not. And it's not the fault of the boy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for you to inspire you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell them standardly.
I'm not here to inspire me.
I'm here to tell you that you've been lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the lie that disability is a Bala something Bala, and it's a material, Matheman Matt.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make you remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to propose even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
Or this one: "Your excuse is inventor."
Or this one: "Before I left, internally stopping.
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the little girl without drawing with a pencil supported by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term deliberately profitable, because they match a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we match the disabled disabled people with no disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can look at them and think, "Well, for very bad it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been approached by strangers who have been able to express that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I would be happy for me for the morning and remember my own name.  And this is compassion.
These images, those images match people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "designers "designed: deliberately because I was subscribe to call social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very thrilled with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as you do, and that's what happens to the kids in those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the ordinary.
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do that, when we share those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here painting the inspiration and you think, "Why are you not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a lot of cheap pieces to collect the things that are falling me.  I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that exceptional and costs us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a scanner of stairs has never made it become a range.
Never    smiling to a TV screen will not make the captioning for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irrigation a positive attitude to convert all those books to the brand.
It's simply not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Bush the Valley Salawa is not considered anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degrees in a high school in Melania is not a little surprising that his new teacher is a wheelchair user user.
disability doesn't make us extraordinary, but to question what you believe to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a glasses without charge?
Unfortunately, today I just answer one of those questions, so please, don't be desperate.
When people really think about increasingly, they think about Minister Report and Tom Crust by hearing hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know that, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I wear possessed," the Google Golden goggles.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass.
Let me experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game of play to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man chasing us, trying to engage with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
And I bring some videos to show you what is the Google Global Lovely under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, it's not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of emerging technology of the emerging technology is a submarine rising up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Korland: Come on.
It's horrible to be talk.
A moment. Give me a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Korland: As you can see, it's a proof of what it is to be labeled in the football field, from the perspective of the card.
You may have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corals at the University of Washington.
"Faith Martine: Rates 54." Reads 54."
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Korland: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NFL.
Fantas want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and Twitter -- you can see from the angle of a field marriage.
Or about a runner?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from filled? How do we bring it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Oklahoms Richard, which certainly many of you already know.
The Richard Richard has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing player." No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain being taken by his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, leaving from a package with the arm before we run and make an analogy? What will be the experience of a fan.
When I can be Messanese running down the chain, throwing the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federation doing a stand in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when I discovered from a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic sketch?
Maybe they increase the sales of doubles for adults.
But this is not even augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Richard.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Ranger?
We will get augmented reality when the coaches and the marriages and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to win part?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here's a brief refresher about technology at November.
In 1965, the Portuguese of Baltimore put a test to their field marriage to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the hull of the fields of field and then in the defense.
They had more spectacular because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that they are a player coming back to their group and they see their next play shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that they carry on. They don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
It's why to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parts.
If you lose parties, you leave you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sharks and the accelerators, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent to send it.
There will be a lot of information supply.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad guys.
So your team of computer will be as important as your recycles, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
I'll be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the country?
Imagine it's the field marriage.
You get the ball and you get back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a float on the left side of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the root system goes you up.
You move to the protection area.
Another floating flow is an open receiver.
You toss the ball, but you leave you.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land. However, the receptor sees in its bombsight a grass area that lights and can modify the race.
You zoom in, you catch the ball, run and antibodies.
The audience goes up and the fans have followed the play from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game.
To make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too cost-effective.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circle, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports leaders.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much does this technology work for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abalone how harmful their actions are from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being persisted?
How much is worth also for a Carrols Carbon or a Neil Device Testard trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of central notes and Karasas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the Highway Pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years I was spending the southern end of the Marine County, which includes the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and his inspiration style institution.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Streets, a head engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much at the test of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is no practical nor probable."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as such as the fall from him frees up from all of your concerns and pain and the waters that go down underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a fall of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of those who drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones who don't, usually stand in the independent water, and then they drowned away.
I don't think that those who have this method of suicide are realizing the death method that they will face.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of speed steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to take their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man was talking to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back to the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who come up with suicide, but the officials too.
We've taken a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychologists are training new officials today.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the mountain near the center.
I answered, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, it had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- he asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
I remember the Greek mythology. Zeal created Park, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Park, and she opened the box.
From it they came out of plants, stop, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
It stopped a few instants, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice woman in New Jersey had just taken his life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved was suicide?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't only have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understand.
Not discussions, thinks, or you tell the person you know how it feels because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the inflection point you need.
If you think somebody is suicide -- you're not afraid of dealing with them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is: Others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life, have you had these thinking?
To confront the person in front of you can save your life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to look for despair, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, implication, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- social isolation recent -- and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost her son the 19 of January of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hello, Kevin -- I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go foot this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you with a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite insecure, but I'm noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving Stanism to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Police police and I reported it as a disappeared night.
In the next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike car was below the bridge.
A witnesses had seen him jump out of the bridge at 1858, in the evening of the day before.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be typically too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering without a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Golden Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery certainly.
Good luck this week, Victorian."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and take the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the edge of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my motorcycle through the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I immediately crossed the railing and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided by his account that day will come back on that lane and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I congratulate it.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did he do to come back and give the hope and life another opportunity?
And do you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear me.
You let me talk and just listen to you.
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to get them.
"Dear Mr. British, nothing to erase the events of the 11 of March, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is following with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it's been properly medical.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious from all those inherited traits -- but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We give God for you.
It's just in debt with you, Narcest Berks."
And at the end she wrote, "Doo. When I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would argue like the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a caring father and an active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression to hope that his story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide or those who consider suicide.
They just want their own pain to end.
And usually, this is just about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls from suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason it.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final line, I looked at me, and he said, "Keeper, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge are not supply.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one percent or two or two, most of those people have said that the second one they left the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, bridge not only Maria with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we make, is something that each and every one of us should be striving to do.
The suicide can be invented.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you do what you're not, but in your inside, you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I must be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever since.
My outside finally thought with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to me later, when I look at this picture, I think, "Gender, you get it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, just as I am beginning.
We all have our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of releasing the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of the people around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignored my story.
I think this limb is called revenue.
This is my own.
They recorded me as a "child: I was born because of the appearance of my generals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always took this t-shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why always take that t-shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to make me supply.
The gender has always considered an uncomfortable fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be a bad thing, but why the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have mom and dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called Thom.
It's the director of a complete conference competition.
And that night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty consumption?
He told me that if she participated she would be commissioned from the specialists of inspiration and the research, and that night, he won in a bathroom suit, won in the ball and he was a third end between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was a beauty of beauty of broadcasting women, but I can.
I also met the daughter of the destructions, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philips.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they approved my self-interest from the green card that could go to live in the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty record."
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know if you moved to America you can change the name and the identity of gender gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two "for my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform most predictable, sophisticated and safe surgery.
Back then, in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the Feynman General "Fire."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity documents means being able to drive or power to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel different.
Suddenly, my fears were minimizing minimizing.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of the Mom Nets.
A young woman in New York who clearly lived his truth, but he was all about her last day, he put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 November, we do a global surveillance by the Commodity Day of the Translated.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me to have some day no longer from November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: generous, a quick question.
Gene Rock: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my bloodstrees.
My network of support, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I have been to young women, I have ordered, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I would take the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender when I was born, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that assistant assistant, and that there should be a space that allows people to addict -- and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The conventional movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing.
It should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope that all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who know her daughter and I am proud of it.
Malaw started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when they horse their efforts in 2011, when we found the National Prize Jewish Prize, it became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the story of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a little girl, their birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from, gives her mother to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother gets very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it becomes complicated, and with the hope of a son, when he cried his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is mother suffering, but the daughter -- the daughter that was born, when it grows, suffer too.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and the school admit to their brother.
Up until age 12 in some way, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when he comes into the adolescence, when he was 13 years old, he was promised to leave his house without a male cliff.
It's confined to the four walls of your house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transferred the code of that honor question, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor doesn't only affect the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in name of honor.
And there's one more rule of patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very climbing, very humble and very submersible.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be shut down.
It is supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if they don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you married it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a slightly small school.
If you get it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it discovery.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet, "The Hall, the live, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he picks the same lesson for his daughter and the same lesson from honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
I loved brothers and sisters, when Malawi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborns, to be honest, but when I was there, and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a leadership of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaw of Maina, and he called my daughter so for her.
But when I set up, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Ballet.
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
You know, why should I mention a girl in a school in a school?"
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the tribal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for girls' life.
Instead of a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An adult to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and the aspiration where it can explore its potential for its future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was training the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the states of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the spread of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage it to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaw.
I've made all of these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for education.
I taught my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of the objection.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called self-assembly.
Well, dear brothers and sisters, we struggled for more rights for women, and we struggled to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called telescope.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls were slowly, and the singers killed.
They suffered millions of them, but a few talked about it, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and pray when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Malaw got up and got up the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered her himself for the New York Times documentaries and spoke on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a weather around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the October nine of October 2012, they shot to computer in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered my ear to my wife, "Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter to your daughter to your daughter.
And he famously said, "Please don't blame you.
You define the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired in you and join you.
They both were on the right path and God will protect you."
These little words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask a question again.
When Malaw was in the hospital and had severe pains, and strong headaches of head because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that's spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained up.
I used to say, "I'm okay with my tourness and the excitement in my face.
I'm going to get right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumption for us, and it cost us.
dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the hardest moments, and I am pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children from children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
I cried when I didn't finish his task.
He's fighting his siblings, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has done so audacious to Malaw so brave and expressive and executive?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently have joined the Mooking group of Google, where I have had a divided to my charge, the Google X visualization division -- but the whole work I'm going to talk about today here about brain science, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If it's not going to be smart to be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky death part of the center that creates important hormones and neurogenesis.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take a dozen chemical powers every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to keep with life.
More than once I've saved me for little.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't really exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed my automation, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly awesome case, for a few months, I tried top doses and typical chemicals for a man of single, and I was surprised by looking at how my thoughts changed.
I was always fun, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the versions of the past.
It turned out as an example.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be an arrogant.
In fact, I was trying -- a lot of insecure, fix a problem that had the front, and it simply doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation on men and what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neurogenesis and so on, was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to do it? Try new ideas and recreating situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Hum, Descartes and Homos look at things similar ways.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, for me, is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I can find the right point and I have a lot of great mental magnets, really visible, well sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its imagination only to steer the world that has the front of the world in the face of the world?
Or if a musician could extract the music of their head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can come to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to get to this with two recent experiments made by two groups that are destined in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gione Gandhood and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The average column shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagined it, seeing that same image.
The column on the right was created by running the center of the central column on the left on the left -- you see that the difference is almost flat.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost number.
Now, let me share another experiment. This is the laboratory of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They were able to convert brain waves in recyclable visual fields.
Put it this way.
In this experiment, he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanning their brains to create a lot of brain reactions to the video sequences.
And then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right-hand side, you can see the computer decorations, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted by the brain scanning systems that are available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer me to that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques for images, even me. Tell the recent result of the MRI first, we must ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger images, but to this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger images, we make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different relief, like making a spring.
And why does this care us?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI was to make really big images, right?
However, most of the recent advances in resolution of inconvenient and brilliant solutions in coding, and decoding and decoding and restaurant receptor receptors in the MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a universal magnetic field, we use structural patterns attached to the FM radio frequency.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing processing -- we can basically increase the information that can be extracted in one scales.
Also, we can then split into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the oxygen fluid, but the of the hormones and negativity I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could spend above language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters.
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be instrumental to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, they choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take much more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have a substance.
His closet may be to tell some person for the first time that he loves her or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have gone through in life.
Every single thing is a difficult conversation, and although our issues can really vary the experience of living and have come out of that closet is a universal thing.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Wall Wall Cap, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages of the intensity of the liberal military military, not to cut my armpits down, to quote the letters from Angel di France as a lettic.
And I'm going to be aware that by the hole of my short face, and for having my head my head a little bit, I would usually ask a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a radio break.
The father was going to be extremely holding the newspaper and the mother would release a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and I would hurt within.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and I was about to go back into the female issues on the table.  I had Better Friedman quote.
Gloria Stein quote.
Even a paradise of the "Vagina Monologues" that I would see.
And so I would breathe around and I went down and I looked back at a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist dollar, just a girl with a question: "Are you a boy or girl?
So I would breathe around again, I put me out of the clocks near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is confident.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a child, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl from a comfortable piece."
And that girl looked at me in a little bit, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite piece is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a panel, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the panel that I asked?
It was the easiest conversation of everyone ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the bank and I, both of us were honest with one another.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some surveys in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a friends.
But inside, in darkness, you can't know what color walls are.
You just know how one feels like living in a survey.
This is how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
And surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why it was more difficult than coming out of your closet, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that explaining to someone who has been declared in broken banking is harder than telling you it's been increased?
Who can tell me that this story that tells you is more difficult than telling your five year-old son that you're going to diver?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard.
We need to stop rating what is difficult to us with respect to what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our surfaces, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in surveys, and they may make it feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and high shoe shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four year-old child that would go into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet running my gay gravity, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not to disappoint them, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all been following for so long, but if you don't throw that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of people among the invited knew that I was gay, and when I do my honor lady, in my black dress and cards, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women I said, "I love Nathan Lan."
And the battle of the gay narratives had begun.
"Is it ever in the Cassan?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"Oh, you know my Asian status?
It's very good and has never talked about having government."
"Hey, what's your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program -- Will and Grace Grand.
And you know who loves us? Jack you?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, described, but waiting to show desperately his support, to let me know that I was on my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts."
And I had an opportunity at that time, like you all have all the big laundryards in it.
It could have been easy to indicate where they felt mechanical.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were entertaining.
And what else can you ask someone, but be entertaining?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pachman girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves out of any survey is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Show the armor. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no army but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be generous, others have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just give it. You scratch your parks.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can come out of the safe side of what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel disappointed. But that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a surface dark ending a gravity, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bollywood. Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence, a productive example has been the famous quote of Eduardo Discover that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edward Dickens wrote this was made as a criticism to the pathogens of computing as Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
First of all, we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth intelligence -- but you have incredible telescopes and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know the reason we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you are from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, it doesn't have any concept on Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, so far in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet mysterious stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that are sitting, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, asked, for a number of years ago, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different questions?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a -- for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a strength, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open options, with a Town force, with the diversity of potential future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, takes.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be stuck.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, having in mind this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Does the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or entrepreneurs: during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that consumeristic consumer connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship to it?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is located inside.
So amazingly, energy could pass multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even winning money by eating action, all without that I had been told to do that.
Here are some examples of energy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling out, here we see English balance automatically by using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave English a goal.
He just decided to be able to balance the poster.
This balance ability to have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools in the intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling away from a string at the same time to release food, here we see energy can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Engineering is widely applicable to a variety of domain.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, blocking its potential for play.
So here we see English organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeping the net connected network.
This same network orchestra capacity also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see English to organize the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, energy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Entrepreneur spontaneously discover and execute a business strategy -- violent in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponential management.
This ability for risk management is going to have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Shinkees, what you've seen is that a variety of brands of smart cognitive behaviors such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all derive from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a profound irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the Rubyrt work, there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion rebel.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines are becoming intelligent and then megawatts and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
And I often ask me, how do you look for objective targets from this kind of frame?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the consequences of stars and losing the planet we call home."
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting around other stars, which is that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the luminous intensity of stars when planets go through the front of them, and they block a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets as well as the distance between them and their mother star.
Instead, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and red as the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
At the time, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this terror of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is lying under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot record.
And the sea ice that you've been with us from a thousand now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly suggested our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of climate, no astronomy.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the incremental sector.
Now, as somebody really interested in the search of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more planets I look for Earth-like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite being a little bit farther from the Sun, can be considered a potentially habitable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "Christmas are tracking their surface in pursuit of the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit -- like the McDonald's mission, take samples from the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all of these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and panels, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the external areas of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be colonized, places that are really outside compared to Mars.
Even in the driest and most elevated places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen removed by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other drag planets I have a big and sad shadow -- the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save us from this influential self-assembly of the only planet that we know is truly habitable the Earth.
And so I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will have a place later on the wild.   Thank you.
But the targets for the exponential exploration and the terrestrial preservation is not contributed.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding and preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are looking at alien paintings.
They're just found closer at home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and the inherent areas of the Earth, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment -- the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, Enrico Fermi said, keeping in mind that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become environmentally advanced enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that just the interplanetary colony will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I used my own home.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see by the window they were on the dining table, where they had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and window, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a cloud, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a clock could take a long time to go, and I was cold.
I couldn't get back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe to the next morning, and I was looking at my passport and my bag.
It would be expensive, but I sure that not more expensive than a close to the middle of a night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I went out right away.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Complete releases that increase heart rhythm, model levels of adrenaline and cloud thinking.
And when I got to the railway counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in their place, that prevent bad things happening.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I got to think about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kansa, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed he told him that I broke the window, and he had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that he had been practicing something called prosperity reflection.
It's something he had learned from psychologist Gary Keller, who had written about this a few years before, known as the prize as well.
Everybody knows what the domestic is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the prize, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong and then try to figure out what can do to prevent things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
At home, it will make a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our spatial memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called his hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the good is, where the fish are, which puts the fruit trees, where the friends and the enemy tribes live.
And the hippocampus is the part of the brain that is being achieved in the London cab taxes.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move too much, not so good for things that are moving.
This is the reason for losing car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular mouse.
For their reading glasses, a particular mass.
If you do a place and you're straight with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about trips?
Take the cell phone a picture of its credit card, leadership license, password, send it to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or they steal them, this can facilitate the answer.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortex.
Corruption is toxic and enough thinking.
So part of predictable practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best moment, and we need to put the systems in their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a proposal for all of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from that a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, leave brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the collapse, a status."
And perhaps you've already heard of statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today, even likely you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, recycling the status."
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for that most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the necessary number.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of designed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't tell me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor, and if it's a fault of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanism.
But the LED estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recycled status -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300 percent.
This is the research of cynical researchers Jerry GreenLast and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Blows.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, leave brain or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of leaving my cholesterol completely.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for a more statistic statistics, and it is, "Give me about the side effects -- right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- muscle pain and articulate pain, but now they think, "Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think of clarity.
So think about how this is going to be over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come out of the drug for the drug that drug helps you.
I don't say they should or not take the status.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it -- it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this necessary number to treat is quite typical.
To the surgery that is done in the older men, the older men in the top 50 percent of prostate prostate -- the necessary number to treat is 49.
So, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or discussion or the organic, incentive incanderm, the Arctic incancern, fecal incentives.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only drop a year or two.
So the idea of the promise is to think before time the questions that you can plant to make the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because because you have a choice a lot of times, you want a more long life of pain, or a longer life that could have much pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator is not necessary the digital system, or liberty or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapidly. They could be the lunch of the lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kansas and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we're all defenses.
We're all going to fail for each other.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize the damage or to prevent the bad things in the first place.
Working at the night of snow in Montreal when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me with a combination of the door, with a key of the entry door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I haven't ordered -- and lots of messages of email I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized. But I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "there is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing seriously.
If you're playing a musical instrument, you see a "dollar in the space, you need to play more often.
Two foot, even more sun.
Four foot, extremely soft supermarket.
This is my drawing of a tree of "Sty: you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of " there may be a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs -- the Anaha, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came over in the 1800s, and over the course of time, it's mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as Atlantic.
So it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're actually in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like I lived in an foreign country, following their rules, common, behaviors and standards without the confident.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I learned, for example.
"Don't wear the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise.
"Don't error, and when you're eating, you will make sure you don't throw the covers on the plate."
This is all called sound "company?
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm survival of sound.
And I'm always waiting with negotiation the sound, which is for coming next.
Hence this drawing.
ADHD.
TBP, to keep going.
TBP, to announce it.
You can see that the penishaman has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and standard edges.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "participation in the ATL.
A typical penishaman has five lines.
However, for me, do the self with my thumb so that it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory now.
Am I going to distance more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it totally or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me about sound, I decided to leave it and depend on it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien -- it was something of a saying person.
And sound is so powerful that it could well hurt me and my artistic job, or it could be power.
I chose to get over.
There's a massive culture around the language of spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me at equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different performers from ATL.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary value form like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could stay in the forgotten and not have any social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, I deeply deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATL.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed on the paper.
And the same thing can be said from a concept in Atlant.
The two are very space and highly modified what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the signs as much as the signals and of the sounds.
I'd like to share with you a metaphor of the piano, so that you understand better how the Anta works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATLI is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different paradigm for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the speed of the body, the speed, the shape of the hand, and so as you play the piano, the English is a linear language, as if you put it only a keyboard at once.
However, the ALS is more like an arrow, you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in ATL.
If only a keyboard would change the agriculture, it creates a completely different meaning.
Same thing about music in terms of tone and tone and volume.
In Atlanta, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is in that."
This is the sign of that sign.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was drawn.
You Oh.
What are you looking at?
Oh, look."
So I got to think, and if I look at the Alto through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be as a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single day sign, the sun goes out and puts.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel the same thing can be said from "All night."
"All night."
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights: "Shoot, "during the night --  "All the night."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Ausan, and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, one hole, it's a hand, two homes, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then "she's "particular -- and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, "There was one time.
Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by comments.
However, when I see the word "common "time I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MIT: right hands, my hand.
We have the person through the head and the chest.
Narrator: Muslim, she shapes flattery "temperature [in the chest," E, "Star Florida? I'm going to show you a form of the hand called "Flag "Garden."
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with your hands.
We're going to do it as much in the head as the chest -- something like "the common time or "At the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "I love the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means collaboration in the Atlant.
Now, the third one. Please follow me again.
And again.
It's limitation in the Atlant.
We're going to do three together.
"Look, colonization and limitation.
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Atlantic is alive and present, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very curious world.
And only because the ALS has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value is and allow the Atlantic to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf, to learn Africa. You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ALS is a rich terror, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even love us.
Thank you.
Dennis Katrina: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can do it all, but then you have to clean it up.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or a bubble of ignorance -- I have to say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I got older, I found out that adults are also inspiring and that they're not very good to clean out others.
The time I was country, now I'm an adult and I teach a city and an invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk along the beach with lots of garbage managers.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a specific thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big buses and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those enormous boat.
So along with my students, with age ages to 15 to 15 years old, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this mass of work with a delicious height so that very low kids can also participate.
And I will tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation, is very small.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them in something that we hope it works.
So we decided instead of collecting plastic parts, we will just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic, the kids get very excited with robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and cameras, and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer is going to process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step step in a site for inventors called "Informations, with hope that someone else even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they take the Internet, and they played with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill -- just using the hands, in Sunnerging, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water that you bathe in, the water where you fish where you live.
You can also see that water is brown -- the mud and oil are also a brown brown and when everything gets mixed up, it's very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called space, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a professional prototype of a space that can shine through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can investigate a problem: I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called temporaries, and those tsunami tools destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Fukushies, a nuclear central near water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollutants of competition by circuit.
If we go to the West Coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast and most of the time, it has a safe way, it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report the control center, here you see the use of different muscles.
It might seem that they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Along with them we discuss the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies, the energy, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary toxic map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the element map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filmed from the top of the mountain to the system and it used in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles away from nuclear, and with the help of fishermen in the area we were collecting sediments of sea milk with a sediment tracking as we invented and build up.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a very small so small -- we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space of social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical -- basically, you can build almost all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: "Apply? Click."
Center Harvard," we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
instance.
Or can we help the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin courses, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel -- the other of a single silk.
One is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the market in blue, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The five was only a tool of Milor Angeles.
But living beings are not climate.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information that is required for every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by regions of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have been given a world made out of parts -- getting rid of the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as analysis of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find any standard material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with diagrams diagnosed.
The skin skins are more thick with small pores with small pores of them.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there's no parts, there's no symbols.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, double personality of every designer and architect to work today between the sky and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right analysis and satisfactions, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where four disciplines that offer access to access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I create.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scale, of large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope with a very far vertical basis that some day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale machines made from genetically modified microbiologists that shine in darkness.
So here we have reinvented the clip, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each open is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and failure. This was for a fashion show in Paris with Erison van Martine. It's like a second skin made from one piece, rich in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D 3D without seams between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the 20-percent resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C. scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analyzing and synthetic instruments allow to design products that are adapting not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter Carrols, my collaborator went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a supply.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rich, opening and color, by building the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addiction of another material or another state, but by changing continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is it the ideal nature here?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she said, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fresh fruit career tree."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The Earth created a world made out of parts.
I often ask me, "What would be design if objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomaterial on the planet is called the little bit of little little bit called the little bit of little talk, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, cracks, schools and butterflies and butterflies in the planet.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-dimensional structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marriage.  We asked a lot of shrimp cards, and we moved them up and we produced a lot of looped passenger.
Vaniatural concentrations -- we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures to print a system with multiple bits of strangers that are completely controlled with.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of the contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic plants?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photo-heart microbiologists that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of marketing to mesh and if it becomes even more, to windows.
It's a cold fruit tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp careers in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put on the sea, feed the marine life -- and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the interplanetary travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
And as the periodic table -- we did our own element of elements: new forms of life created computational -- computer formalizes and augmented by biological ways.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid algae, only instead of transforming precious metals -- they synthesize new biological forces within very small channels.
This field is called modifient.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microbes.
The first is the biologist.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater states.
And the second one, E. collapse, the bacteria that is happening in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other one consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes are not interacting in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digital tract -- that will help they flow these bacteria and they pull their function out of their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, by providing the properties of the material according to the desired function.
If we wanted more photographs, we did more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our delicious intestine.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first powerful photosynthesis, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Sheen said, "We are creatures past, only half is made."
What if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we were able to create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair the damaged tissue and sustained our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this the material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
At now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up. adds up with sophistication.
This collapse of the worm -- for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it materials.
Now the nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in different concentrations of two proteins.
One act like structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hit a company of compression.
Tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we glue a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hill.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it would hit a flat cocoon and still metrically metrically.
So we started designing different environments, different animals, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the cocoon -- is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often have silk worms to death within their colors, their silk is rid and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single computer.
They are more metallically, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a slide robot doing silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that the silent silk worms toward darker and cold areas -- so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying silk worms on the structure.
We were ready to get the fruit.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after we feed them four weeks, they were prepared to helium with us.
We put them carefully into the lower edge of the nest, and as they died, they were criminalized, they were shipped, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk, biological silk on the Dutch silk. They give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 6,000 silk worms have 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
The pollutions after the election produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional papers in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk blue through a robotic arm, the other empty vaccine.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring together these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature of design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be about?
If you had to remember how old they had when they first asked them for this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Three. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you ask the question, "What do you want to be from?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be about?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English and the mouse and the art and I developed websites, and it would play the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, for a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this sense of boring, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes! I have found my moment, and then again, this point where I start to get bored up.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to convert all this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all my other passions and rescue to get bored up.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong with me for not being defined by anything.
I was worried about being afraid of engagement, or being destroyed, or self-dealing or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have planted to you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
We ask ourselves, "What do you want to be from?
We're about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what you answer that age.
You consider an naive question to deliver cute answers in kids like, "Be an astronaut or "I'm dancing or "I want to be picture."
Take a look at Halland enjoy here.
This question is done again and again as we grow from various ways, per pie, and high school students ask you to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be from?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
If this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, he didn't inspire to dream about everything they could be.
In fact, it does exactly the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond with 20 different things, even though well-intentioned adults might be laughing and say, "Oh, how nice but you can't be an artist of violence and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles --  -- and he's an artist of violence and psychopath.
And this Amy Nield, the editor of magazine converted into a destruction, corporate and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The concentrated life notion is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocation, the idea that each of us has something to spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What happens if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that I want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is somebody with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a box for that to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and potential and data.
You can also use other terms that govern the same idea, as an architect, renewable.
During the time of Renewants, the ideal was who was well seen in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Show refers to us as "candy."
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems as a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or limitation that you have to come back.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths to be this way.
Here are three multinational superstars.
One: ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
Shandh Hawaii and Rachel Bina expressed their shared interests in cartoon, data visualization -- travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Mescaing.
Messang is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Shanghai and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its election mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in interactions.
There are new ideas.
And the multiplicities, with all their antennas, can access a huge amount of these interaction points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When multiplicities are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being printing, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transformative to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area we have, so we rarely start from zero.
Norman Dong is a full-time journey and an independent written journey.
As a criminal girl perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanical.
Before we become writer, it was a financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started its practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launch for the editors for them.
It rarely is a loss of time to dedicate to what you're going to attract you, even if you finally abandon it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. That is, the ability to transform on anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Cairo is sometimes director director of videos, other people, other websites, I sometimes come out of Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and unpredictable that these are the individuals and organizations that can be fought to satisfy the needs of the market, which will actually thrive.
Separate senses, rapid learning and adaptability, three skills where multiplicities are very adept and three skills that could be lost if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging the multiplicities to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-dimensional problems right now, and we need no conventional thinkers to cope with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a specific multiplicity.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the multinational offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will communicate with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multinational people in large part are encouraged to be more like their specific partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruction with the inner wiring -- whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then special for all media.
That's where you get the best of it.
But for the multiplicities in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, reconstruct with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit markets.
They explore interactions.
Application our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiplicity, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman named Australia took her to a psychiatric in French.
I was deliciously deliberated and couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexandscas.
Alexandscare didn't know how to help Australia, but I was flying for her until that, unfortunately, passed in 1966.
After his death, Alaska did an authority and found strange dishes in the Australia brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If God had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alexander gave him 144 years ago.
Alexandra was Dr. Albarry Alzheimer's Dr.
And August Detroit, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 2001 the medicine has moved a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, anti-companies for HIV and states for cartoons and much more.
But it's been progressed in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live up to 85 years or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's going to be almost one in two.
In other words, there is a chance that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Just in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimers disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs started an increase of five times in 2050, as it was aging the generation of the baby baby.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one you can't prevent provide, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less of Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research, despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should say, "The Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 144 years, all of us, even scientists, trust Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sentenced in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there is only one picture of a healthy brain brain compared to an Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to demonstrating a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange objects in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places on the paper that are passed.
And when it comes along, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form big plates and obese.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps -- and the identification of what step to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
Corruption could do anything.
Courageous others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physical, engineers and math.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our latest results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick into each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 144 years of hope, there's real hope of what it can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to make that hope, of overcoming Alzheimer's hope, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to consider that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gone more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims of their loved beings and night, are often too disabled to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times Museum of the New York Times in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are turned to be 36 more and more personal questions, and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried another person?
And alone?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it. Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say somebody who has ever met.
When I approached this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love me.
But we got fallen down, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column love Movement a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already adultering, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, are they still together?
And the reason I think this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the paper was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been talking about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that led a good attention charge in a relatively new relationship.
But as it said, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday had already called me the Toronto Show and the American Moral Good.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was, for a little bit prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with sound on their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always asked the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in my email in my email with the phrase, "You still follow together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and corners like this.
They interviewed me in the radio and they asked.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman shout up to the stage, "Hey, Mandela where your boy is?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the advance of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have cracked their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a seminal article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both made a public appearance together.
He took television interviews and reduces the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid that I was afraid to become the investigates of the incompation process -- a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute quality.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know whether it really works, or whether it was able to produce a low-cost love, not just an adventure, but love love, lovely love.
But this was a question I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people would ask the wrong question.
How do you go together or not, and also decellate it?
If the answer was not, would you do the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for an international approach between college students, using what Aron called sustainable Apple Open, progressive and record.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer to doing it. A number of subsequent studies also used the Prosthetic East Fast protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, which combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came to me and told me with the time, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed discovered by it.
And I said, "You want to say you fell in love with the person who you did it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But they became better friends?
Do you feel they were able to know better after testing the study?
The satellite.
So it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it's about love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I was flying in science.
All I was able to find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that to be able to be able to vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I only invested for the book I write but in retrospect, it looks really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I used to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly and I can realize that what I find is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand to me.
What I find of love is a guarantee -- not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were still together.
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way for some way to mitigate something from implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it's about love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And your content with a response of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you fall in love when things get complicated: and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a knowledge and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Lady is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We love we love because we took the choice of it.
And I get a little bit embarrassed by reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love somebody so generous and nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest U.S.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what maybe spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy thing in the title of my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a mountain line in a mountain and in a way, I got a breakfast genome.
The city in New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me but more details later.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I found a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
In a given moment I was in Hawaii, I like to go from excitement and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a box for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and threw up all the pages and I made a kind of cracked cells to the Agnes Martin style -- the reserve covered and a bee was attacked.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to come up with size, as if you look at the text with a magnifying magnifying text.
So I did that? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow traged, draw just like you do around a shortcut in the crime scene.
And I put the objects and created my own self-summer of speeds.
First, books, that you can make an idea.
Then I did some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the reserve layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I die.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window and another window and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resident.
So I did this for years, and my work closets with something very big, which I call "president."
For the prosthetic: I was inspired by a great measure in "The Garden of Delease Bookle who is a painting at the Museum of Prason in Spain.
You know this?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the prosthetic -- I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the logos.
There's a cave where all these creatures with the heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh information where they hide.
So here is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the street, ready to suicide in mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a young god tied to a cortex.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Hirshhorn -- the oil platform of the spill, Walker, the shame of Osama bin Laden. There are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of machinery.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it puts oil in a hand while from the other hand is coming up clouds.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the prosthetic."
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand in which I write in.
And then when you go on the other side, it has a trailer, like a bird piece, and it spits clouds from this transmission.
It also has a 5,000 meters long, a storm of snake that binds the prosthetic."
Anyway, his tail is trying to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a clock microbes made out of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very short at your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, you're called "Porticializations."
It's about a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and materials are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines are encyclopediation.
But each one acts like a kind of archive in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped on its inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest, you can put the input in.
I'm going to join you for the rest of the body, there is a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover the penis or night, or whatever it is, a kind of an anti-compartmental thing.
It's a quick quick of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue there.
There's a little forest scene inside the tropical chain.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penius Worlds.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio, a museum, a museum, an editorial arm that disappears all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We get the box and all the people inside the hut with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine you and the box you're living in.
And together, we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, of the borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with supermassive and genetically, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give you your head?
Take an assistant.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first of all, intense and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and indicated system so that any single drug is effective in the body.
The disability, though, is that by making it any drug that is diagnosed.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CEO of CACHA cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they die, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body as the lymph blood, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is including and it doesn't easily come into the blood cortex of patients who are held to the regular therapy with antiretroviral medications.
However, after treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a life treatment for an oral life.
And one day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the virus of the virus, without the risk of diagnosis of drugs?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in pollen, for the quality of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything you can imagine, including the transformative transportation of medicine.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best one is, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit of laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser passes the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscope.
Before even realizing the hole is remained immediately.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we're going to make an income at the place of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the place of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yes. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed groups not statistically: armed organizations like terrorists, instruments or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand better to these generations of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent conflict.
I do field work, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a device between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and not government actors.
For example, from the 21st-celled peace agreed between 1975 and 2011, 1960 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we even need to engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
Armornesize struggle and political policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanon Library, known by his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, He has also established a political party -- a network of social services and military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza France from 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiply.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV stations, websites of the Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IRA magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex protection of funded funds -- but by slow businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they add hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscope.
HeForShe offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't grow, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan disappeared for war or even the beginning of the IPAC ascent -- you can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an extraordinarily elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these strangers to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow because they fill up the gaps for the government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and the more sophisticated these organizations, the less we can categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Heintop?
They dominate part of a territory -- they add all their functions, they collect the garbage, they add the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a regulation group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IRI?
The lines are drawn.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, the more intervene and fill that gap, the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better understanding what incentives to offer the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles but not giving us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that governance vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are versions, but I fear that accepting the outfitterback tag would be unfair.
I'm a feminist -- but pretty bad.
And so I am attracted as a bad feminist as well.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad Feynman," and then in interviews, people started calling me the Great Feynman.
So what started as a personal joke designed by myself and a deliberate production, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 I had strange ideas about the feminist -- these miles were smoked, angry with the men and they hated sex -- as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using the people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation. A taboo and desperate.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are relevant: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of abuse or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or eventual doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to consider our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contrast.
There are a lot of things that make a bad feminist for me.
I have another confession.
When I drove to work, I hear rap music, I heard all volume.
Although the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply offered to me, the classic Classica Shark of the Girl Ara Twitter is incredible.
"Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Park, does it move until you give you the coat."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely overwhelmed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the garbage collected and the care of the manufacturing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Carter and the romantic comedy commercials, and I have fantastic absorber of the stories that make it true.
Some of my offenders are more fixed.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge me.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose themselves.
Let's solve this problem.
He rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or despair the needs of women in color, workers and gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad feminist feminist.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put out feminist feminist in a pedestrian.
We hope that they go to perfection.
When they tell us, we would rotate them with a lot of the same piece where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already think of that piece before you try to get you there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as females.
They're afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear to what that tag means, for fear not to be able to deal with the little realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years it's a declined feminist in the last few years.
In the Video Museum Adams in 2014, at MTHCA, act in front of the word "Finance work of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the pop embrace openly the feminism and make the women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
So past the time, cultural critics started under endless debate whether Betty was not quite feminist.
They were rating their feminism rather than simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection from the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much so much.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminism of any woman -- defeat it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of party.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our importance to realize the accessibility, going to action and being a little bit more valuable.
If I hear a grade music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy people providing an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we take the change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have its music to be so shark?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions do justify this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my superstars, three and four years old.
These are two magnificent girls -- decisions and brilliant, and also very brave. I want you to grow up in a world.
So where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, suddenly, the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as a sport, go the Towns game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere when movies don't treat women more than a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their peers as a blog cards.
In any case, the men, especially the white men, holes can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a sufficient number of women, both to participate and to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supposed to be supplying but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also encourage us to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making passengers.
Since we're not better permission. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the power and producers of film and music producers and music, CEOs, the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also stand up with our feminism, good, bad, or any of any things.
The last line of my book "Baichum Feminist: says, "I prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially because my voice was stolen and the feminism helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to cope with what happened.
So a few kids were telling me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They steal my voice, and after all I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write with it.
I became a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and of women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave -- when you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 125 children in California had a measles to have visited Disney, or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then discovered the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Bucketach.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a dedicated immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half century -- but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the policy on autism and the designed vaccines, discouraged and marked by being a fragile fraud by the British Medical Journal.
Do you don't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a station?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents all over the world continue to get vaccines to put into their children of having autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the increase of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the '90s, the numbers started shooting out.
The fundraising organizations like autism Spanish is routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell you from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "managerial diagnosis criticisms, and "a better detection of cases to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so difficult to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow progress and cartoon of science than with the power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be false. And the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kansa, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital -- in 1983, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, non-lethal people around their own parents.
They could get fun for hours by waving their hands to their faces, but they were prey of the panic of often, as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing it.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kansa speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome while collecting references of places as far as South Africa.
This is not really extracting, because Kansa criteria for autism diagnosis were very resistant.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to kids with conversations, but now we know that the epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he complained that he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to their consumption for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
It classified autism as a form of child psychology caused by cold parents and disappeared.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before we turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "Better beetle."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, sliminated things like children were just recording what they had heard of their particularly depressed parents, desperate to win their approval for them.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test the theory of Kanzi that autism was weird.
Long Win, cognitive psychology in London, thought that the theory of the novel mothers of Kanzi was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and fortunate, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susie, without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague, Judith Gold decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They started a suburb from London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kanda model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids could not speak at all, while others were interested in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the generation of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful squares and beaten, as Judaism, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the conventional model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try and make sense of their data.
How did no one have been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1948, the next year to the Kabui article, and then I forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this computer article -- but he avoided straight to mention her own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Marine husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who would run a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for teaching children with learning differences were even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic, they started with equipment classes with music, and kids follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described it as a political disability of life that required sustainable support and spaces for the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and he was dedicated to help the development method that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a different continuum that was carrying a surprising variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and always have been, seeing aspects of this continued in archetinations known in pop culture as strange social scientist and designer professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
And Lord and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong where autism was infrastructure, as well as parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Pittsburgh to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into a vice play, by replacing the limited model of Kanzi by a broad and inclusive of Asperger's model.
These changes didn't fall in a broken basis.
Carible and Judith and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "A Man Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what the autism was, but after the undergraduate act of Dustin Homolic like Ramada Babbage and "Random Manhattan recognition with four awards of the Academy -- personally, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for your son.
The combination of "Arab Man the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnosis started to elevate, just like Lord and Judaism, in fact, hoped that this was how they were getting people with autism, and their families finally got the support and the services they deserve.
So Andrew Walley came to blame vaccines for increased diagnosis -- a simple, powerful and seductive story story as bad as Kanzi theory that autism was infrastructure.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum -- it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that the puzzles are to solve for the new medical advances -- the term neurological term to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way of understanding neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows -- it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffering from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Apple, who believed that the curve for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and the parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zimba Zallas once said, "We need all the hands in covered to deliver the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as society.
We can't allow ourselves to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
